The Hills, somewhere in the west coast is a sanctuary of tranquility where one could get lost with the symphony of nature. Vajra, a rugged man, his face covered with dirt and some blood on his shirt, arrived with his camping gear, ready for some time of solitude.

He found a perfect spot near a serene lake, where he set up his tent and started a campfire, the crackling flames casting a warm glow.

As the sun began to set, he washed his face when two girls, Chaitra and Ruthu, arrived at the same camping area. Ruthu, with her outgoing and carefree nature, contrasted sharply with Chaitra, who was more reserved and cautious.

Vajra approached them with a friendly demeanor.

"Need any help setting up?" he asked, smiling. Smiling back flirtingly, "Sure, thanks!" Ruthu replied, while Chaitra nodded with a hesitant smile.

They quickly bonded over shared stories of their travels and adventures, their laughter echoing through the forest.

"Do you come here often?", Ruthu asks Vajra. "I do like going on camping alone, to bond with nature away from the hustle of people.", says Vajra, "I hate people!". Chaitra gets worried by his words.

"But you guys seem pretty good, Do you guys travel a lot". Ruthu smiles, "Oh yes! I love travelling, but we are new to this place". "Have you been to other places?" asks Vajra. "Not much", Chaitra says.

That night, as they sat around the campfire with a serene song playing on the radio.
Vajra asks them if they like to drink. "I have a good quality toddy". Chaitra hesitates but Ruthu being a carefree bird agrees.

As Vajra goes into his tent a crackling radio broadcast interrupts their conversation. The news reported about a serial killer on the loose, their MO is chopping of heads. Chaitra's face paled with anxiety, while Chaitra dismissed it with a wave of her hand.

"Don't let it ruin our trip," Ruthu insisted. "We're safe here. No one will harm us."

Vajra comes out with the bottle. Looking at the scared face of Chaitra he asks, "Is something wrong?". Chaitra sits idly while Ruthu tells him about the announcement.

Vajra stands there still with the bottle in his hand. He walks towards them slowly. Sits next to them and takes out a knife.

Chaitra gets scared. He opens the bottle with a knife and says "No need to worry about that!"
Ruthu grabs the bottle from his hands and says "That's what I said".

Vajra changes the radio station and they start to drink. Ruthu feels sleepy. Time passes by.

Ruthu, passed out, wakes up suddenly only to find Chaitra and Vajra missing. Ruthu calls out to them but no one responds. Ruthu searches for Chaitra in her tent but there is no sign of her.

The radio begins playing mysterious music and she walks around the forest looking for them.
Suddenly, she hears a rumble behind the trees.

She realizes that it is Vajra, holding a gun covered in blood, looking fierce with a body shaking behind the bushes. She gets scared and takes a few steps behind.

"What have you done?", she says. "Don't be scared!", he says while walking towards her.
"The blood... Chaitra!", she murmurs. He puts his gun down and says "I did not want to upset you... I am a hunter!", he says.

"What did you do to Chaitra?", she asks. "Chaitra? I do not know", he says, "She said she will go to sleep and you passed out after drinking!" she says.

The radio again played the news of the serial killer. "No, it is not me, I only hunt animals," he exclamates. He takes out a knife and she gets scared. He throws the knife away and says "Believe me, please!".

Ruthu picks up the knife and goes into his tent. "I didn't do anything!" Vajra insisted. "I will help you find Chaitra", he says.

She finds a paper in his tent with the words "Serial Killer Alert!". She brings the paper out and demands an answer. "It is just yesterday's newspaper!", he says.

She puts the knife down and starts to cry thinking about Chaitra. Suddenly, They heard the screams of Chitra and they ran towards the scream.

Ruthu called out to Chaitra while Vajra searched for her with a flashlight. As he passed the flashlight across the trees, he saw a woman standing facing a tree. When he looked again, she was gone.

Ruthu tells him what to do if the serial killer comes in front of us. He tells her not to worry. He can do nothing if he comes in front of us.

"Then what if the killer comes from behind?", Chaitra says. Vajra turns to find Chaitra holding a machete.

She chops his head off. "You know what is more fun than hunting animals?", says Chaitra.
"Hunting humans!!!", says Ruthu.

Both of them laughing maniacally they wrap his head around his shirt and say, "And that is 31"
They throw his wrapped head down the mountain.

Many heads can be seen where they throw the head implying that they are the killers.






Chaitra and Ruthu car journey scene - Chaitra is driving and careful, Ruthu is carefree and drinking.
Ruthu reminds Chitra - When we were in the orphanage no body cared about us, all the couples passed right past us
Only he saw us and whatever we are today, it is only because of him. [They both are in a magazine successful]
Chaitra asks do you think he will be proud of us. Ruthu opens the glove compartment and takes out a photo.
And we promised him, 31. The radio suddenly crack.
They hear the news of a serial killer. Chitra is scared. Ruthu says, "OOO spooky".
Ruthu says, by the way tomorrow you will be 31.
As they drive someone asks for a lift but Chitra ignores and drives away.
Ruthu says he was cute. Chitra says but might be danger to us.

They pass an abandoned old checkpoint and take a diversion into the forest.

They enjoy nature (waterfalls, stream) and street dogs that they see.

They begin to hike and Chitra places 2 rock on top of a pile of rocks and says, "One more kane".
We can see a vivid cult symbol behind it.
Ruthu says, "1 more week and then we will be in france".

Ruthu throws 2 bags down the ditch
Vajra asks what it is she says garbage

Vajra washes his face and looks at how ugly he is.
He was an ex army guy who was in a mission
It is dark and few army personels are surrounding a house
He leads it and they blast the door and enter the house
They shoot and kill the men
He finds a trinket in front of the devils idol and picks it up
He burns his hands and the mark is still present - Flashback ends - the voices play in his head
Back to flashback - He hears something behind a closed door, he kicks it open and finds some kids inside
With the help of fellow army he makes the kids to get out safely
A kid is on the wheelchair the kid is blind and mute and the kid tries to say something and mumbles (scary)
Vajra says everything will be alright and pushes the wheelchair as other children walk in front of him
Suddenly a wire connected to the wheelchair pulls out triggering a bomb
Vajra screams, lifts the kid onto his shoulder and runs
The bomb blasts causing all the children to die
Out of the smoke to present day with his face disfigured and one eye blind
The voices in his head say he killed the kids, he is useless, he is ugly, he doesn't have head
This aligns with the serial killer taking of the heads of his victims
He is in his house and his mother is talking to her neighbor saying once he gets married everything will be alright
He is in a house, the girl looks at him and runs away
No one is ready to marry him and he hear voices which makes him angry
So he became a nomad and says the forest doesn't judge and it gives him peace
Chaitra asks about his mother. The voices say you are headless and he gets zoned out and says, "She died".
This gives a clue that he is the serial killer.
He does not want to hurt anyone anymore but the voices in my head they won't go
The girls get scared.





