A delivery guy named Mruthyunjaya and his friend are drinling tea in a shop. His friend walks upto him and asks how his sisters birthday was. Mruthyunjaya says "it was sad! none of her friends came". His friend says "Paapa!". Suddenly, Mruthyunjaya gets a call from his boss. "There is a cake delivery!", his boss tells him over the call. "I have to go" says Mruthyunjaya and leaves.

Mruthyunjaya picks up the cake, looks at the map and starts his bike. As he rides, a cat crosses his path, but he ignores it and continues on his way. After a while, he finds himself in a sketchy forest area. He stops at his destination and sees a house far away. He picks up his phone to call, but there's no signal. So he walks to the house.

He rings the doorbell but it doesn't work so, he knocks the door for a while until a creepy weird-looking bald man opens the door and stands still with a creepy smile. Mruthyunjaya looks at him and saysy "Sir! your cake". He asks Mruthyunjaya to come and place it on the table. Mruthyunjaya goes in and keeps the cake on the table. 

The creepy man stands still looking at him. Mruthyunjaya too looks at him and talks to himself "Tip me fast old man". They man continues to stare at him with a creepy smile. Feeling uncomfortable, Mruthyunjaya says "I think I will just leave".

As Mruthyunjaya turns to leave, the man says "Sorry I do not have change right now to tip you". Mruthyunjaya says "No worries, its okay". The man says "Please come in I do not want you to go empty handed. Please come in". Mruthyunjaya says "No Sir it is getting late" and tries to leave. 

The man insists, and says "It is my daughter's birthday today and none of her friends came she is very sad". Mruthyunjaya feels bad and says "I am sorry to hear that. Same thing happened to my sister yesterday.". "She will be happy knowing that atleast one guest came", the man says smiling.

After thinking for a while, the delivery guy decides to go in. He walks into the house and sees that is lit only by candles. The man says he has lit the candles due to the power cut. 

He enters the hall and sees a table with a plate covered by a lid. Suddenly, the man comes behind him and says "Happy Birthday," causing a jump scare. The delivery guy gets scared, but the man apologizes, saying it was just a joke.

The man asks Mruthyunjaya to sit down while he gets his daughter. Mruthyunjaya sits in a chair. The man walks out calling for his daughter "The guest is waiting for you!".

Mruthyunjaya pours himself a glass of water but hesitates to drink because of an eerie feeling. He looks at the plate again and goes to open the lid of the plate but hears a cry coming from a room in front of him.

He walks towards the room and slowly opens the door. He sees a walkie talkie and a gun on the floor. He slowly looks at the corner and sees a man tied to a chair. The man tied to the chair had his eyes and tounge removed. Looking at this horrific sight, the guy tries to run out of the room to get out of that place but when he turns the creepy man hits him with a piece of wood knocking him out.

After a while, Mruthyunjaya wakes up and slowly opens his eyes. He finds himself tied to a chair and a wound on his forehead. A creepy vintage "Happy birthday" song is playing in the background.

Dueenly, Mruthyunjaya gets shocked and screams looking at a dead man tied to a chair infront of him with blood dripping from his cheast. It is the same man that he found crying in the room without his eyes and tounge.

Mruthyunjaya begins to cry in horror and looks at the creepy man standing next to the table holding a butcher knife coverd in blood. The man shows him the plates on top of the table and says "Let us look at the menu! shall we?".

The man opens the lid of the first plate and says "For starters" revealing two eyes and a tounge garnished with greens. "Yummy!", the man says. He then opens the second lid and says "Next my favorite, the soup". He reveals a bowl filled with blood and garnished with hairs.

Mruthyunjaya hears the sound of a chain rattling. A chained girl with long hairs covering her face, holding a half burnt doll is standing in a corner laughing and clapping in joy. Mruthyunjaya gets terrified looking her. The man points at the girl "This is my daughter its her birthday. Wish her!" he says.

Mruthyunjaya looks at them and gets horrified. The man then screams "I said wish her!" like thunder. Mruthyunjaya says "Happy birthday" in a feable voice. The creepy man then sings happy birthday and goes back to the table. He opens the last lid of the last plate and says "For the main course we have...", revealing a heart coverd in blood.

The man then looks at the girl jummping and clapping and says "It is now time to cut the cake". He looks around "Where is the cake", he gets furious. the scared Mruthyunjaya says "You asked me to keep it outside on th table". The man runs out and brings the cake. He opens the cake upside down and gets upset "it has no name of my daughters. Where is Zilla's name?" he shouts. "You have opened it upside down sir" Mruthyunjaya cries.

The man finally places the cake on Mruthyunjaya's leg and says "You brought the cake, now you fix it." Mruthyunjaya says "Please let me go" and moves causing the cake to fall. Looking at this the girl begins to cry. The creepy man gets angry and shout at Mruthyunjaya for destorying the cake.

"I am sorry please let me go I will get a new cake" the Mruthyunjaya cries. The man goes towards his daughter to console her and says "Do not worry I will get you a cake". He looks at Mruthyunjaya and says "I found the cake!" with a creepy smile.

The man walks back to the table, grabs the butcher and walks towards the tied Mruthyunjaya. The girl begins clapping and jumping out of joy.

Mruthyunjaya closes his eyes as the creepy man lifts the knife to butch him. Suddenly, blood is splattered onto the face of Mruthyunjaya. Mruthyunjaya opens his eyes and sees a bullet hole on the forehead of the creepy man. The man falls dead on the floor.

Mruthyunjaya looks at the police holding a revolver using which he shot the creepy man. Mruthyunjaya thanks the police and says "How did you know I was in trouble?". The police looks the dead man tied to the chair and says "He is officer Arjun. He was investigating a case of missing delivery people involving a cannibal. He came here undercover but looks like he became a victim. We tracked Arjun's tracker".

The police unties Mruthyunjaya and asks him for his name. "Mruthyunjaya" he says. The police smiles and says "You got jaya from Mruthyu. Say thanks to Arjun". Mruthyunjaya looks at Arjun as tears drips down his eyes.

"Call for backup", the police says "Finally we found the killer". Mruthyunjaya looks at the eyes of the dead creepy killer. 

"The girl" Mruthyunjaya says. "Which girl?" the police asks. Mruthyunjaya points to the corner where the girl was chained. "There is no one here expect us." says the police.

Mruthyunjaya hears clapping and laughter of the girl. "Did you hear that?" Mruthyunjaya asks the police. "You are in shock, you must be hearing things" the police says tapping his shoulder "Do not worry paramedics are on the way".

Mruthyunjaya looks out of the window and sees a gravestone with the words "Zilla" embedded on it.

Mruthyunjaya hears the laughter of the girl again as he looks at the doll lying next to the dead mans eyes while "Happy Birthday" plays in the background.
