A man named Kalyan is in his office, closes the laptop, time is 9:13
He is bored of his life and sees others partying with friends while he is alone
His phone says No Notifications, He opens messages - Only ads
He opens call history - Boss, Promo, Scams, Insurance, Amma
He decides to go watch a movie
He books a movie at 10 PM in a mall

He is driving and stuck in traffic
He talks gets a call from his mother
"Ma! I am going to watch a movie"
The mother says, "This late? Are you mad? Today is amavase maga!"
He says, "Do not worry ma! I went to temple this morning! I bought a new Gadha keychain also"
The mother asks, "Who are you going with?"
He hesitates and says, "With my friends! I will be late, you eat and sleep"
It is almost time for the movie
He takes a turn into a small road, a shortcut
His car steps on some Blackmagic stuff fallen on the road

He parks his car and enters the theater 
He is frisked and his cigarette is confiscated 
He buys popcorn and enter the screen 

Theater is almost empty with only some couple cuddling
He sits, eats popcorn, watches the couples, sips cool drinks, asks for one more
Movie starts and after a while he falls asleep 
An employee wakes him up and he is all alone 
He laughs, rubs saliva off hs mouth, gets back his cigarette and leaves
Time is now 1:30 AM

He reaches the parking lot and realizes his keys are missing
He thinks he might have lost it in the theater
He runs back but an old man, a security guard asks, "Where are you going? It is closing time"
He does not let him go
He begs, "I left my car key inside screen 3, please let me go and get it"
The guard says "No, no I must close it come out"
He says, "Just 5 mins! You are night guard brother? You stay here only! But I must go home! How can I?"
The guard says, "There are no night guards! Before 2:00 everything gets locked and it opens next day at 9AM"
Kalyan asks, "What? No night guards? Why?"
The guard says, "Owner only knows! But if you ask me!"
The guard whispers, "When this mall was build many blackmagic things were found"
"And few months back! When renovation was going on, workers were hearning and expering strange things"
"So no one were ready to work at night and owner also said no night guards"
Kalyan listens to him serioulsy but laughs off
He says, "Your story is better than the movie that I watched"
The guard gets angry and shouts holding his hands, "COme out now! Just get out!"
Kalyan says, "Sir! Sir! 5 mins please take this" and gives him 500
The guard says, "Okay! I have 2-3 locks to put, till then go and come fast. Hurry!"

He enters the theater and enters screen 3
He tries to looks for his keys using the flash light
Somehow he finds the key near the screen and he wonders how did it come here
He was sitting at the last row but the key is in front of the screen
He picks it up to leave
He realizes the main door is locked form outside
He screams but no one hears him
He leaves from the back exit

The guard locks a gate as a mall employee hands him a bunch of keys, "Anna! Here are all the keys"
The guard asks, "Did that man go?". "Who", the employee asks
The guard says, "Someone said they left their key and went inside"
"I did not see anyone", the employee says
The gaurd says, "He said screen 3"
They open the door of screen 3 and finds no one inside the theater
The guard shouts, "Api! Did you find the key?". No response.
The security says he might have left, lets lock it and go it is 2:00 already
They leave

Kalyan is now walking out of the theater from backside and enters the mall
There is no one in the mall, he is all alone
It is kinda eerie
He walks down to the parking lot but the gates are locked
He calls someone but no one hears him
Buzz of florescent lights fill his ears
He takes out his phone to call someone but no signal

He walks back inside the mall
Everything is closed with dim lights
He shouts but no one responds

He walks and walks passing through different stores
He sits on a bench and looks the dolls in a toy shop in front of him look creepy
He gets up and walks further
Mannequins are looking creepy and without him noticing, a mannequin slowly turns behind him

He remembers drinking 2 juices and now wants to pee
He searches for washroom and with great difficulty he finds one
The washroom has no lights
He finds the switch but it does not work
He turns on his phones flashlight and goes inside and pees
As he pees, suddenly he hears the sound of someone going inside a toilet booth and closing the door
He says, "Hello!", but no response
He zips his pants and knocks on the door, no response
He opens the door and there is no one inside
Paranoia, he guesses and suddenly the toilet flushes on its own
He takes a few steps back and walks out of the toilet

He is scared about what had happened
He sees his phone fallen on the dark bathroom floor
He wants his phone but he is too scared to go inside
He somehow gains courage and takes a step to go inside 
Suddenly his phone with the flash light on slides rapidly inside the booth
He decides not to go inside and runs away

He hears knockings coming from somewhere
He realizes it is coming from inside the wall
He follows it and reaches a door
It is the door of the scary house of the mall
The door opens and hears voices from inside

He walks inside and experiences scary things
Somehow he manages to come out of there

He finds a spot with good light and sits under the light
He lights a cigarette as his hands shake
He smokes as the smoke reaches the light above him
"What the hell is happening"
The light starts to brighten abnormally and it blasts off
He walks to a different spot - "I should have just went home"
He sees someone at a distance
He calls them but they do not respond

He walks towards them but they walk away 
He follows them for a while as he calls them but they do not respons
Finally, he reaches a turn only to see a wall, a dead end
His stomach grumbles, "Hunger is making me see things"

He walks to the food court
Everything is locked
Somehow he grabs something from one of the shops and begins to eat
Suddenly, a glitchy announcement scares him

He notices a blueprint on the wall and realizes, "Control Room"
Control room must surely have some mode of communication

He reaches the control room and notices it is locked with a padlock
He finds a heavy rod and breaks it open
Inside, he sees multiple tv with cctv footages
He looks around but does not find anything useful
He notices something on one of the screens
It is a telephone in a clothing shop

He rushes to the shop and notices the telephone
He picks it up and dials 100
A lady picks up and asks talks to him
He explains his situation and the lady makes fun of him
At the end the lady says do not worry everything will be okay Mr. Kalyan
He smiles and says thank you please send someone quickly
His smile quickly fades away because he realizes something
He asks, "How do you know my name?"
The lady on the other side of the phone begins to laugh like a maniac
He realizes the phone is not connected to anything at all
He turns and sees all the mannequins turned towards him
They get closer and creepier when he looks away
They have now surrounded him 
The mannequins begin to scream and he somehow escapes

He runs and runs and stumbles onto a wall
He sees lots of weird carvings on the wall and faint chants begin
On the other side of the mall he notices a ghostly figure
It says, "You will be in my collection of dolls"
The figure runs towards him as the lights flicker and suddenly- nothing
The figure appears right in front of him causing a jumps care
The figure holds his hand against the wall of symbols
The figure takes out a nail from its mouth filled with black liquid
The figure punshes the nail into his hand and he screams in immense pain
He takes out his key with gadha/ thrishul keychain and places it on the figure's hand burning it
The figure vanishes away like a smoke
With great pain he pulls his nailed hand out of the wall
He looks at his bloody hand shaking and trembling

He runs to the control room where he remembers looking at a first aid kit
Witches laughter can be heard from a distance
He reaches the control room and tends to his wound and covers it
He slowly losses consciousness 
His hand falls down and hits the first aid kit causing a bang
Breathing heavily he looks at his hand fallen on the metallic kit
His hand is partially turned into a thich plastic mannequin's hand
He tears and screams in fear

He hears a phone ringing, it is coming from the bathroom
It is his phone
He notices it vibrating on the floor as light comes form it
He runs and picks it up, it says "Amma! Amma! En eno agitde! Kapadamma"
He picks it up and talks to her, her voice is very faint
Kalyan says, "Yes, I am stuck in the mall. Please help me!"
The phone shuts off
He remembers seeing a charger in the control room

He runs holding his keychain and reaches the room
The witch's voice echoes saying, "This land belongs to me and you are trespassing"
He puts his mobile phone to charge

In the cctv all the mannequins are looking right into the camera 
All the screen shut downs
Suddenly, the figure jump scares in the screen
His mobile phone rings again, it says, "Mom". He picks it up.
The mothers voice converts into a male's voice. It says, "Am I speaking to Mr. Kalyan"
The operator says, "It looks like your life is about to end! Would like a life insurance to secure your family?"
Kalyan says, "What the ..."
"Don't you want to secure your lonely lovely mother?"

He sees the figure standing far away again
He screams, "Who are you? I am not scared of you!"
The figure says, "Your soul is mine!"
He lifts his hand holding the keychain
He looks at his hand 80% turned into mannequin
He drops the key chain
The witch is not right in front of him
POV - He turns into a mannequin
He is no completely a mannequin standing outside the door
It is now morning
An employee comes there lifts the mannequin and says where did this come from
He tries to call but he cannot

Suddenly, he hears a muffled voice trying to wake up the man
He is sleeping in the theater, everything was a dream
He laughs, rubs saliva off hs mouth and leaves
He walks pass a store and looks at the mannequins, laughs and nods in disagreement 
He reaches the parking lot and realizes his keys are missing
[End here or continue]

He gets scared and panics
He holds his chest and finds the key in his shirt pocket
He smiles and breathes in relif
He looks at his hand with a wound like a nail was hit to his hand







