It is late night. Ramesha is driving a truck. He parks it, picks up his phone 12AM from the dashboard looking at the time. It is 12AM. He then takes out some beer from the passenger seat and goes in to his apartment.

While the TV is playing, Ramesha opens up a beer. After a while he is passed out on the couch. He is in slumber when his phone buzzed loudly on the table aside the bottles of beer that he had finished. Dazzingly, he reached for it, squinting at the bright screen. It was his boss, Kumar. He picks it up "Hello Sir!" he yawns.

"Ramesha, the cement sacks had to be delivered today. Sorry I forgot to inform you. The client is over his head. Please deliver it right now!" Kumar says. "All the boys are out of town because of the fesitval. I did all the deliveries today" Ramehsa replies "I do not care about it. It must be delivered now". "Sorry sir I'll do it tomorrow. Please". I am realy very tierd". "It is urgent. Please try to understand. I will give you double" says Kumar. Ramesha sighed, knowing he couldn't refuse. "Alright, I'll do it. Where to?" he asks. "It is just 60KMs". Ramesha gets slightly angry "Alright, you better pay me double."

Ramesha quickly dresses up and heads to his truck. The night was still and quiet as begins to drive. The hum of the engine and the empty roads made him feel like he was the only person awake in the world.

After driving for a while, Ramesha dozes off causing the truck to drift. He wakes up all of a sudden and hits the break hard. He gets scared and decides to take a quick smoke break. He opens the door, steps out of the truck, and lights a cigarette. As he exhaled, he noticed a figure emerging from the shadows. It was a girl, covered in mud, looking shabby.

"Hey, are you alright?" Ramesha asks, concerned. The girl looks at him with wide eyes. "What time is it?" she asks. Ramesha glanced at his watch. "It's 3:13."

A strange smile spread across her face. "Perfect. Can you give me a ride to the next town?"
Ramesha hesitated but eventually nodded. "Sure, hop in."

As they drove, Ramesha tried to make conversation. "What were you doing out there at this hour? It is not safe". "I ran away from home," she replied, her voice flat. "Your parents must be worried, let me drop you" Ramesha said, glancing at her.

"They don't care. They gave up their hands on me a long time ago," she said, staring out the window. Ramesha felt a chill run down his spine. "They wanted to wash their hands off of me by getting me married to some stranger so that they can get rid of me". She says "I did not like that".

She begins scraching her arms. Ramesha saw the marks of syringes. "Are you okay? You look week. May be I should take you to a hospital?", he asks. She nods and says "No! just drop me to the next town! My friend will be waiting for me there". At this point of time he just wanted to get rid of her.

The girl reached into her bag, and a strange, pungent smell filled the truck. Ramesha wrinkled his nose. "What's that smell?" he asked. "Smell? What smell? Do you think I am dirty? You also want to get rid of me like my parent? You too want to wash your hands off of me?", she shouts.

"Sorry! Sorry! calm down please", he says. She begins scarching her hands again causing the it to bleed. He looks at her in disgust. "She is mentally ill!", he says to himself. "Why are you hurting yourself?", he asks.

The girl takes out a ring from the bag. "This is ring that my mother had on her hands. I really like it. Is it not good?". She asks. "Will it look good on me?". Ramesha looks at ring.
As the light falls on it, he sees the ring and her hand coverd in blood. 

"What is this?". He asks while breaking the truck hard. The girl turned to him, her face expressionless, and just smiled for while tilting her head like a maniac. Suddenly, she opened the door and bolted into the darkness across the road to the other side.

"Hey! Wait!" Ramesha called after her, but she didn't stop. He looks at her running like a manic. She gets hit by a speeding vehicle. Ramesha is shocked. Confused and unnerved, he starts the truck and drives off.

"What the hell was that!" he exclamates. Suddenly, he smells something again and saw that the girl had left her bag behind. Curiosity got the better of him, and he pulled over to inspect it.

As he opened the bag, his heart raced, and he let out a big scream. Inside the bag was something he never expected to find.

He finds two pairs of hands in it coverd in blood. "They gave up their hands" he hears the girls feable voice. He immediately throws it away and drives off.