SEE-SAW (Short)
	Opens with a girl and a boy, playing on a seesaw.
	The boy gets bullied, the girl helps him. 
	The girl hits against a tree, the boy runs to her.
	The girl finds a puppy, the boy gets biscuits.
	The girl losses a kerchief, the boy risks to get it.
	They grow together. So does their love.  
	A bike hits the boy, the girl gives the blood.
	They get married.
	They go somewhere, the girl boys something for 10 she gives 100 shopee says she gave 10, boy fights.
	They'll have a baby, she says "I wish i could see her. Did you see her?". The boy says "I saw!"
	The baby grows. She runs away with a guy saying she had enough of her parents.
	The girl falls down the stairs. 	
	She is in the hospital. She lost her memories.
	She is scared of the guy now.
	He sends her to an old age house.
	Arc to show he aged. Tears rolling.
	A call from the old age house. But, he cannot hear it. 
	The nurse allocated to him is stealing the house with her partner. (item falling but he can't hear)
	He sees the missed calls the next morning.
	Calls back the old age house. They say that she had remembered him and was asking for him.
	He goes there the next day.
	They inform that she died.
	But
	
	Every now and then, the girl asks "Did you see?". The boy replies "I SAW".



Time travel game story (Short)



Police Murder Dad (Ganesh - Nag - Dananjaya)
	A poor budding actor (Ganesh) gets caught by a police (Danajaya).
	Police offers him to leave if he kills a senior officer (Nag).
	Guy agrees because police offers money also. Says, "Film al hero est janana saisalla, obbun saisad en dodudha"
	Guy kills the officer.
	Guy burries the officer.
	Guy regrets it.
	Guy faces stress.
	Police dosen't give him full money.
	Guy is haunted by the officers ghost.
	Ghost says "Nang inna madve ne agirlila, yaako nanna saisde"
	Turns out the ghost thing was a dream.
	Police comes to the guys house to arrest him for the murder of the senior officer.
	Some court scenes.
	Police makes the guy take him to the location where he burrieed the body.
	Police dig up the cascate.
	Inside the cascate there is no body.
 	Just a plank that says "Nang inna madve agila naan ist bega saialla"
	And a walkie talkie (Scares)
	Officer via talkie says "Nim appunne saisthyeno badava rascal"


A mute love
	A wildlife photographer finds a girl in the forest
	She cannot speak
	She acts like she is retarded
	Hero brings her back
	He tries to get rid of her but he cannot
	She falls in love with him but she does not know it
	The hero dies and she cries
	She finds someone else
	She dies

















	 
 
	  


