Photo of the grandmother shakes slightly.
Ved asks his dad, Adi if the house is haunted.
Adi says no why do you ask.
Ved says he saw his grandmother's photo shake.
Adi says you should not make of your dead grandma.
Ved says he is telling the truth.
Ved says she called me by your name and told me IT IS TIME TO GO.
Adi says his mother died almost an year ago.
Ved is now staring at Adi like a statute.
Adi calls out Ved but Ved is still a statue.
Scared Adi finally lets out a scream.

The wife of Adi, Kriti walks out of the kitchen listening him scream.
Kriti asks Adi why he screamed.
Adi tells Kriti what their son said.
Kriti gets confused and says they do not have a son.
Adi too gets confused about everything that happened.
He goes to his bedroom to lie down thinking he is hallucinating.
As Kriti looks at Adi go into the bedroom a hand reaches Kriti's shoulder and she turns.
She faints because it is her Husband who just went inside the room.

Back in the bedroom Adi is in his bed.
He tries to reach out for a glass of water.
Adi sees a photo of him with his wife and kid.
Adi picks it up, laughs and realizes that Kriti pranked him.
As Adi tries to leave the room he sees his reflection move with a delay.
He gets scared and looks at his reflection.
He does some gestures and sees his reflection is moving with a delay.
Suddenly, the lights in the room begin to flicker.
In the reflection he sees a shadowy figure who says IT IS TIME TO GO.
Adi's head begin to spin like he has a migrain.
He tries to reach out for that glass of water.
But ends up breaking the glass due to his poor vision due tot the migraine.
He just sits in his bed confused.
Suddenly Adi hears someone knocking at the room's door.
Adi shouts Kriti is that you but, no response.
The knocking continues and the door begins to shake like someone from the other side is trying to open it.
Adi slowly walks towards the door and opens it.
On the other side there is no one and it is dark.
Suddenly, he hears knockings again.
Adi realizes that the knock is coming from the wardrobe.
Adi walks slowly and opens the wardrobe.
Inside the wardrobe there is nothing but a bottle of pill.
He picks up the pill and suddenly he is now in the bathroom. 

Adi smiles looking at the pills.
He remembers the doctor had said that the pills might cause hallucinations.

Adi comes out of the bathroom and sees his wife looking at the bedroom door.
Adi goes behind her and taps on the shoulder.
(this is the scene that happened in the beginning when Kriti sees Adi go into the bedroom but suddenly she sees Adi behind her) 
Kriti faints and Adi tries to wake her up.

Adi lifts her and puts her on the couch.
Adi looks around for water and sprinkles them on her face.
Kriti wakes and asks Adi what happened.
Adi says you fell unconscious.
Kriti smiles and asks what are you doing here.
Adi says what do you mean.
Kriti says I remember seeing you go into the bedroom.
Adi says do not try to prank me I was in the bathroom.
Kriti is confused and she smiles.
Kriti says can you get me some water please with ice.
Adi says okay and goes to the kitchen to get ice water.
On the wall, the photo of his father slowly moves its eyes and follows Adi.

Adi is now in the kitchen.
He picks up a glass and fills it with water.
He then opens the freezer and puts some ice in the glass.
As Adi closes the freezer door he gets startled by his brother Giri standing behind the open fridge door.
Giri asks him what is his doing.
Adi says fetching some water to Kriti.
Giri asks Kriti? Who's that? Oh your college friend?.
Adi confused says Kriti is his wife.
Giri says he does not have a wife he is a bachelor.
Adi is confused and mumbles "but... but... on the sofa".
Giri asks if Adi had lot to drink and if he is drun.
Adi asks drunk? who? me.
Suddenly a glass of drink appears in his hand.
Giri puts ice into his glass and says cheers IT IS TIME TO GO.

Adi comes out of the kitchen and finds the sofa empty.
Confused and scared he stares at the glass he is holding.
Adi asks himself if he is too much drunk.
Suddenly, the phone starts to ring.
Adi picks up the phone.
On the call a distorted voice says IT IS TIME TO GO.
He gets scared and drops the phone.
He stares at the portrait of his father on the wall.
The picture suddenly blinks and stares at him.
Adi gets scared and looks at his glass again.
The glass transitions into an alarm clock ringing.

Adi is sleeping next to the alarm clock in the bedroom.
He turns off the alarm and asks to himself if all that happened was a dream.
He sees he his holding the portrait of him with his family.
Suddenly he hears door knock again.
He looks at the wardrobe first and then looks at the door.
Adi asks who it is and from the other side Kriti says it is her.
Adi steps down from the bed but steps on a broken glass.
Adi shouts saying who put the glass here.
He lifts his leg and finds out that his leg is fine.
Suddenly the door opens and a woman comes in.
The woman says IT IS TIME TO GO to college get up.
Adi looks at himself in the mirror and sees himself as a teen.
He comes out of the room and it is dark.
Suddenly the room door closes behind him.
He bangs and tries to open the door.
On the other side Adi sees someone knocking the door.
(this connects to the scene where Adi hears someone knocking at the room's door after Veds encounter).
Adi sees his mother calling him to eat breakfast.
She says she had made his favorite dosa.

Adi walks and sits in the dining table and sees a dosa in front of him.
Adi stares at the dosa and starts hearing muffled voices of kids calling him out.
Suddenly, dosa transitions into a tiffin box.

Adi is now in school.
Next to him a kid asks him what he has brought to eat.
The box opens up and it is Maggie.
The kids snatch the Maggie and empty the tiffin box.
The tiffin box transitions into a cake.

Adi is surrounded by people wishing him.
Adi blows the candle.
Cake transitions into a firecracker bomb.

Adi runs, trips and falls.
Falling transitions into him waking up with a jerk.

Adi is sitting in front of his laptop.
He hears Kriti calling him from the bed.
Kriti says Adi it is 3 AM and your still working.
She says he was blabbering in his dreams.
Adi asks her if they have a kid.
Kriti says go to sleep and she sleeps.
Adi closes his laptop.
He lies on the bed and closes his eyes.
Suddenly pieces of chalk starts falling on his face.

He opens his eyes and finds himself in a classroom.
The chalk was thrown at him by his teacher.
His friend next to him asks if he had a good sleep.
Adi says he had a weird dream of the future.
His friend says the girl is looking at you.
Adi looks at the girl.
The girl turns, smiles and corrects her hair.
Adi gets shocked because the girl is Kriti.

Zoom into Adi's eye.
Eye transitions into an ashtray with a lot of butts.
Ashtray transitions into a snookers ball.
Camera pans to show Adi bent to hit the ball.
Adi's friend says do not smoke this much your brain cells will die.
Adi replies I guess my brain cells are already dead.
The friend smiles and says GO ... IT IS TIME TO GO.
The friend gestures a camera with his hand 
With a creepy smile, the friend pretends to hit the shutter.
A flash transitions into Adi's photo. 

Adi is back in his bedroom holding a photo of him.
Adi gets down from the bed and steps on the glass again.
But a camera boom up and down shows glass turned into roses.
He picks up a rose and puts it on his photo.

Adi opens the bedroom door and enters the hall.
The old woman looks at Adi moving.
Suddenly she turns and sees Ved standing behind.
Ved asks ajji where were you all these days.
The old woman stares with a blank face.
Ved says he had seen her photo shaking.
Ved then asks if she is a ghost.
The women nods and says IT IS TIME TO GO.

Ved asks Adi if the house is haunted (just like the first scene).
But this time, Adi is confused and asks Ved who he is.
Ved smiles creepily says you will know it IF YOU GO.
Kriti walks out of the kitchen.
Kriti asks him what happened Adi you look like you saw a ghost.
Adi asks who they both are.
Kriti says Adi you are scaring us.
Adi starts blabbering.
Suddenly his brother appears next to him.
Adi asks who the woman and the kid are.
Giri looks around and says what woman and kid? there is no one here.
Adi is confused.

A hand grabs his shoulder.
Adi turns and it is his brother Giri.
Giri asks what happened are you sleepwalking again.
Adi is confused and says I don't know what is happening.
Giri asks him if he took his pills.
Adi says my mouth, my throat, it is dry.
He says he needs water and walks out towards the kitchen.
Adi sees the phone dial fallen, picks it up and places it back.
Adi opens the freezer and takes some ice.
He tries to pour water from the tap but the water does not come.
Adi comes out of the kitchen.

In the hall he sees his wife on the couch (from the beginning when she fell unconscious).
Adi asks Kriti what is she doing.
Kriti says I asked you to get ice cold water not ice.
Kriti then says anyways I have something to tell you.
Kriti holds Adi's hands and says she is pregnant.
Adi tears up and says our first kid.
Suddenly Ved appears and says then what about me.

Adi gets scared and turns to see Kriti all dressed up.
Adi is now in the couch wearing a tuxedo.
Kriti tells to Ved he cannot go the event is for grown ups only.
Kriti then says Ved will stay with his grandmother.
Adi turns and sees his mother smile.
She says I am here to get you.
Kriti says IT IS TIME TO GO.
His mother says IT IS TIME TO GO.
Ved says IT IS TIME TO GO.
A background music starts to play saying IT IS TIME TO GO. 

Suddenly the scene transitions into a TV.
Camera pans and shows Adi is sitting in the sofa passed out with his eyes open.
He suddenly wakes up.
He lifts his hand and finds out he is holding a doobie.
Adi smiles and feels his mouth dried out.
The TV then starts to play automatically.
He walks and turns it off but it turns on again.
He plugs out the TV.
Adi feels his mouth and throat dried ou.
The TV starts to play again.
The TV plays a video of a man explain Tarpana.
Suddenly water out of no where enters his mouth.

Suddenly a man in the TV shouts AAMANTHRANA.
An envelop flies out of the TV and falls at his feet.
He opens it and reads the text inside.
It is written IT IS TIME TO GO.
Adi throws the envelope and screams.

Kriti from behind calls out Adi.
Adi turns and sees it is his wife Kriti holding their son Ved.
Adi starts to blabber.
Adi says IT IS TIME TO GO.
Adi then says no I cannot go.
Adi says I will always be there with you.
The lights begin to flicker and it is dark.
Adi cries Kriti... Ved.

Adi falls to his knees.
The room is now dark filled with fog.
Adi slaps his face and says it is just a dream.
Adi slaps his face again and says he is just drunk.
Adi slaps his face again and says it is the pills.
Adi slaps his face again and says he is just dream walking.
Adi facepalms and through his fingers he sees a door.
Adi hears chants.
Adi sees a dark faceless guy with infront of a pyre.
The guy slowly lifts his head revealing a glowing eyes with a big naama.
The guy puts Bhasma into the fire and the fire expands.
Adi gets scared, runs and opens the door and comes out. 

Adi reaches a big red field.
He runs and runs and reaches a bush and hides in it.
A bunch of ghostly hands appears behind him.
The hands grab him from all sides covering his face making it difficult to breath.
Adi holds the ghostly hands and frees himself from the clutches.

Adi runs in the open red field.
The field is red with 2 suns and a whirlpool in the sky.
Adi sees a bunch oh ghostly figures in the far.
Adi finally hears a voice calling him.
Adi turns and sees that it is his father.
Adi tears up and asks his dad what is happening.
The father tells him not to be scared.
Suddenly sesame seeds appear around his mouth and he dusts it off.
A loud thunder is heard in a distance.
Adi is breathing heavily and his stomach growls.
The father asks him if he is hungry then say so.
Adi tells that he is hungry.
Camera pans up to Adi's face from his stomach.
A purple ghostly figure with gold arm bands and crown appears next to him.
The figure hands him a ball to eat.
Adi asks who are you.
The divine presence says "Naanu Vasu ... Pitru Deva Vasu".
Adi's stomach growls again and he takes the ball from Vasu's hand and eats it.
Adi looks at his father again and asks what is happening.
The father says accept it and leave from there and go with him.
A red flash emerges from his father's face and it opens up into a door [or thunder hits him].
The door opens up and goes through him.

Adi is now in a dark room with purple light and fog.
Adi sees the red door moving away and sees a large mirror in front of him.
Adi walks towards the mirror and touches his reflection.
As the finger tips of Adi and his reflection meet a jolt makes him fall.

Crash zoom into his eyes as he falls into a flash.

The memory flashes:
Suddenly, Adi is now sitting in a classroom in school.
 	A kid asks what have you brought today Adi?.
	Kid opens the box and it is Maggie.
	The kids are happy.
Adi's father is helping him ride a bicycle.
	Adi's father lets him go and get goes with full speed.
	Adi's father is happy.
Adi blows candles on a cake with many friends and family around him.
Adi's mother applying ointment on his knees.

Adi is now in a college.
	Adi's friend says hey look that girl is looking at you only.
	The girl is his wife Kriti.
Adi's is in his house with father and mother.
	Adi's father is holding marks card and shouts why did you score so less.
	Adi's mother tells no problem he will get A+ next time.
	Adi's brother Giri is laughing and dad scolds Giri.
Adi is batting in a ground and he hits a six.
Adi is petting a puppy.
Adi is in front of an atom bomb lights it and runs.
Adi's father walks in through the main door and says I brought your favorite cake and samosa.

Adi is now standing in front of his brother Giri.
	Giri tells him make your heart strong Adi, Dad has left us.
Adi is in front of a camp fire with a beer in his hands and he takes a sip.
Adi is in front of Kriti now and Kriti puts color onto his face.
Adi's mother feed him sugar and wishes him luck.
Adi is now in an interview and he gets a job.
Kriti gives him a sweet and says congratulations.

Adi is now putting a ring into Kriti's fingers.
Adi is in front of Kriti in a couch.
	Kriti says I have tell you why I fell unconscious.
	Kriti tells him but get a glass of ice cold water first.
Adi sees Kriti holding a baby.
Adi sees his kid taking his first steps.
Adi is spinning his son in his hands.

Adi letting go the cycle with his son on it.
Adi's mother applying ointment on his son's knees.
Adi is holding the marks card of his son.
	The son says next time I will definitely get A+ in all subjects dad.
Adi is standing with his wife and brother.
	Giri tells him make your heart strong Adi, Mom has left us.

Adi is in front of his mothers photo.
Adi is in a car showroom and a guy gives him a huge key.
Adi is in front of his laptop and Kriti is in the bed.
	Kriti tells Adi that it is 4 AM come and sleep.
Adi is in front of his boss now.
	Adi's Boss tells him that his work is not up to the mark and may impact him.
Adi has a report in his hands.
	Kriti is holding Ved and says do not take you work pressure on us you are scaring us.

Adi is sitting in a chair sipping his drink.
	Adi's son asks him if their house is haunted.
Adi is with his wife and kid.
	Kriti says you worked till so late did you get enough sleep.
	Kriti says come back soon it is our anniversary today.
Adi runs his hands over his son's head.
Adi is driving and his vision blurs and his eyes are sleepy.
	Adi gets a call message from his boss.
	The message says come fast don't you have time scense.
	Adi looks back up.
	Adi hits a pole.
White light flashes.

The light fades.
Adi is now inside a dark chamber.
The screen is pitch black with sounds playing in the background.
	Ambulance siren.
	Women crying - Adi.
	Life support beeps off.
	Women crying	.
	Mantras by Pandits.
	Random scary sounds.
	Sound of metal rolling.
	Heavy breathing sounds.
	Sound of gas.
Adi looks around and then he sees fire from all sides like he is inside a crematorium chamber.
Fire transitions into his eyes with crash zoom out of the eyes out of the mirror.

Adi sees his mother walking towards the mirror.
As she walks, she says, Adi, my dear son, I am so happy to see you after so many years.
Adi tears up with one eye and he asks What is happening to me Mother?
The mother then says that he is in a limbo.
She says I know your head must be burning like a fire but that is the law of nature.
I came to guide you.
The mother says it is now time for you to go.
The mother says IT IS TIME TO GO.
Adi says no my wife and kid need me I cannot leave them.
The mother starts to walking away from the mirror slowly transcending into a dark being.
The being, with a low voice, says IT IS TIME TO GO.
Adi says no I will not.
The mother is now converted into a ferocious being, a Yamadootha.

Yamadootha tells he is the messenger of Yama.
Yamadootha tells that Adi died 13 days back.
Yamadootha tells that he had taken Adi to the Yama lokha in in 2 Muhurthas meaning 96 human minutes and had brought him back.
Yamadootha tells that Adi was in front of Lord Yama and his punishments were decided.
Yamadootha tells he brought him back to see and live around his family for 12 Days.
Yamadootha tells that it is now his 13th day and it is time to accept the death and go.
Yamadootha tells Adi has not accepted his death yet.
Yamadootha tells Adi that his memories from different timelines are entangled.
Yamadootha tells it is time now for him to accept that he is dead.

Yamadootha tells him that his family finished his Sapidikarana, Tarpana and Pinda Dana.
Yamadootha says now it is his last chance to look at his family.
In the real world his son, Ved is looking into his fathers photo.
Adi can see his wife, brother and his son through the mirror in his limbo world.
The mirror and his photo are like doors of a portal between the limbo and real world.
Adi calls out their names but his voice is not heard.
Yamadootha asks Adi not to touch the mirror as it will hinder the laws of nature.
Adi screams calling out Kriti, Ved and Giri.
Yamadootha says I cannot let you hinder the laws of nature.
Yamadootha says IT IS TIME FOR YOU TO GO.

Yamadootha says he sent his mother's energy to fetch you but yet he failed.
Yamadootha says I have no option left now.

Yamadootha opens his hands and a chain starts flowing out.
The chains wraps around Adi' legs.
Yamadootha says as per the karma of annamayokosha his pranamayokosha will be punished.
The chains wraps around Adi' waist.
Yamadootha says punishments are as per Chithragupta's paapa punya lekha chaara.
The chains wraps around Adi's neck.
Yamadootha says he shall enter the Yama lokha from the south door passing through the Vaitarni Nadhi.
Yamadootha says all your sins of this life will be washed in Vaitarni but it will be very... very painful.
Yamadootha says it will take 2 ayana meaning 12 maasa/ 12 months for him to reach the Yama lokha.
Yamadootha says after that he can meet his pitru.
The chains wraps around Adi's hands.
Adi bangs the mirror which causes his photo to shake in the real world.
Ved looks at the shaking photo of his father and asks his mother "Mom, is our house haunted?"

------------------------------------------------
Eye tunnel effect
Inception door effect

Scary Dissonance Sound effects
Reverse Reverb for Ghost Sounds
Low pitch for Demon Sounds
------------------------------------------------

TODO - 
Scene 13, 14 - Bomb>Room>Class>Sports OR Bomb>Class>Room>Trip
Callback - The shadow figure that Kriti looks behind Adi





1. The Opening
2. The Premise
3. The Son's Query
4. The Wife's Clarity
5. The Room's Terror
6. The Pills
7. The Wife's Confusion
8. The Cold Kitchen
9. The Ring of Delusion
10. The Room Strikes Back
11. The Jumps of the time
12. Take a Nap
13. The College Days OR The Trippy Trip
14. The Painful Game
15. The Truth of the Diagnosis 
16. The Return of the Pills
17. The TV and the Past
18. The Room Strikes Again
19. The Future of the Thirst
20. The Dry Kitchen


3 - VED		- Horado Samaya Aytu ✔
5 - ROOM 	- TIME TO GO poster on the wall ✔
7 - KRITI	- Kelome! It feels like a sweet dream. Adrinda ache barbeku ✔
8 - GIRI 	- Cheers! Horadu! ✔
9 - PHONE	- Adi! Adi! Deepa Haride maga! ✔
10 - MOTHER  	- Horadu! College ge time aytu... Horadu! ✔
12 - Kriti	- You can rest now! ✔
15 - DOCTOR	- Also, You are way deep in your web, Adi! (shout) GET OUT OF IT! ✔

13 - FRIEND	- Olle dead body tara malgidyallo! ✔

19 - GIRI	- Hindina nenapgalna bitu munde hogu
20 - KRITI 	- Adi, Horado time aytu! Horadu! ✔
20 - VED	- Appa Horadi ✔
20 - MOTHER	- Maga Horada ✔
22 - PRIEST	- Tarpana video ✔
22 - VED	- (balloon) Nim maga! (pops) Adre inmunde (stops) Naan nim maga alla! (runs & hides in wardrobe) Let me go daddy! ✔
23 - MOTHER	- muchi hogiro bagilugalanna mathe tegdu, inastu nov madkobeda maga ✔
24 - MAIL	- Envelope ✔
25 - FATHER	- Prakruthiya niyama! Sathya opkond neene Horadu! Ade Sulabhada Dhari! ✔
28 - DARK ROOM - 	
	(Ved) Sul gala olage kaldogiya appa, Adrinda ache banni ✔
	(Kriti) Neen kans kanthilla Adi! Neene ondu Kanasu! ✔
	(Giri) Neen innu bari gali al harado mathu aste ✔
	(Mother) AS YAMADHOOTHA ✔


Urana
Shamasuthra
Shunda
Marka
Udhumbhara
Sheshambhala


