1. OLIYAN RESURGENCE ARC -
Year is 1985.
It’s a dusky evening in a remote village in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu.
A crowd gathers near the square.
A puppeteer and his wife perform with shadow dolls on a cloth screen.
Their only light is a kerosene lamp behind them.
The crowd enjoys the show. A couple of cops reach there and say, "Do you have a licence?"
The puppeteer says, "It is just a small show sir, for our stomach".
The cops say, "Small or big, show me the license or pay me".
The puppeteer says, "Sir! Let me pay after the show".
The cop asks another cop, "Make everyone leave".
The other cop says to the audience, "Get up, the show's over".
The audience disperse.
The puppeteer says, "Sir please sir".
The cop hits the lamp with his lathi and says, "You want to test my patience, ha?".
The puppeteer collects the lamps and says, "what you are doing is against the law".
The cop kicks him and says, "You want to teach us the law?".
They hit him with lathi and everything falls apart.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It is dawn and the puppeteer couple are near a river shore.
The wife is grilling some corn while the puppeteer is failing to fish using nets.
The puppeteer decides to dive into the river to catch fishes.
Underwater he finds a lot of fishes and he catches them using a net.
As he is about to come back up he notices a divine ray of sunlight.
He sees the ray falling on a boy on a rock on the riverbed.
The man looks at the boy shocked.
On the shore the wife looks at the river worried.
Suddenly, the puppeteer comes out of the water carrying the boy.
The woman watches in shock, "A boy?".
The puppeteer puts the boy down and pumps his chest.
Water comes out of the boy's mouth but he does not wake up.
The woman asks, "Was this boy underwater?".
The man says, "Yes! I think he is dead, let's get out of here".
The woman says, "But how can we leave him like this?".
The man says, "We are already facing many issues, people will say we killed him!".
The man picks up his bags to leave.
Suddenly, 2 police come there and notice them.
They approach them in a rude way and look at the boy.
The cops chewing pan ask, "who is this boy?".
The puppeteer says, "I found him underwater".
A cop nudges the boy with his boot.
The cop says, "Underwater? But he is fully dry!".
They are shocked to look at the boy all dried up.
The cop says, "Even his hair is dry". The other cop says, "Looks like it is a murder case".
The puppeteer and the woman get scared and beg to differ.
The cop says, "Let's take them to the station".
The puppeteer begs to not do anything to them.
The cop asks, "Maybe we can send the boy back underwater for a small fee!".
The puppeteer understands and claims they do not have any money.
The cops notice the woman's jewelry and say, "You lying bastard" and they kick the puppeteer.
The cops demand she give them her gold chain. She says, "It's my mother's please spare us".
The cop spits paan on her legs.
They kick the boiling rice.
The puppeteer says, "Please sir, she's pregnant".
The cop touches her belly and says, "You do not have anything for yourself, why do you need a baby".
The cops say, "We do not care, just give the jewels".
Behind them, the boy wakes up. He turns towards the camera with rays of light coming out of his eyes and mouth.
The cop snatches her chain. As they leave, they turn to a sound.
It's the boy standing behind them with his head down.
A cop asks. "Hey! Who are you?". The boy repeats.
The cop gets angry and says, "You dare mock me you bastard" and raises his hand to hit him.
The boy lifts his head and the rays coming out of his eyes burn the cop's head.
The boy blinks heavily and the rays appear and disappear.
The other cop looks at the boy in fear and says, "What are you?"
He tries to run but the boy looks at the cop and the rays from his eyes cut the cop killing him.
The rays disappear and reappear like trying to adjust to his body.
The puppeteer is on the ground covering his wife with his hands up in the air like saying no.
The boy looks at him and copies his gesture.
The sunlight, the glow in his eyes and his gesture makes him look like a divine being.
The couples fold their hands in devotion and the boy falls.
The man says, "This is a miracle".
The woman says, "We cannot leave the boy like this".
The man says, "The sunrays were pointing me to him and the Oli (light) is within him".
The woman says, "Oliyan?".

2. OLIYAN FOSTER ARC -
The puppeteer is now playing his show in some other village.
The crowd is enjoying the show.
The wife is playing the instrument.
Oliyan is sitting behind the stage next to the lamps.
A bunch of boys pour water onto the lamp and laugh.
The boys' smile quickly fades away because the screen is lit.
The light is coming from his back.
Oliyan gives a creepy smile and the boys flee.
The show ends and the puppeteer turns to see Oliyan glowing.
He says, "Hey Oliyan, don't ruin the show's ending! Turn off your glow".
Oliyan looks sad and runs behind a wall.
The puppeteer gets up and pridefully bows to the audience.
His wife collects money from the audience.
A little girl puts money into the bowl and asks, "When will you come back?".
The woman says, "We must go to other villages as well after that we will come back".
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They are now in a bullock cart travelling through a forest.
They now have coins, fresh fruits, rice etc.
The puppeteer says, "We now have a cart, money and food! Just a few more shows and I will have a house".
The wife is pregnant now and says ever since Oliyan came to our life it is glowing.
The puppeteer says, "True! But this time his glow almost ruined the show's ending".
Oliyan tries to explain what had happened.
The puppeteer shushes him down and says, "After we buy a house I will also build you a room outside".
His wife asks, "Why out?".
The puppeteer says, "Why means? Is he our son? He should be thankful that we are carrying him with us!".
The wife says, "But... How can we...".
The puppeteer interrupts her and says, "You are a woman, be like a woman. No need to talk back to me!".
Suddenly, an arrow strikes between his eyes and he falls dead.
The wife screams in fear. She holds Oliyan's hands and tries to flee.
Few more arrows strike in front of her steps.
They are surrounded by the bandits of the forest.
The bandits loot everything, "He has so much is he going to carry it with him now? Hahaha".
One of the bandits takes out his knife and walks towards the woman.
He notices that she is pregnant. Her water breaks and the leader nods.
They put her back in the cart and drove deeper into the forest.
The leader looks at the boy and extends his hands.
Oliyan takes his hand and the leader lifts him and puts him on his horse.
The leader says, "My name is Airavan, what is your name?".
The boy says, "Oliyan".
The camera pans down to Oliyan’s footprint faintly glowing in the mud before fading.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We are now deep in the forest lit by fire lamps.
It is a blood moon day.
The pregnant woman is crying in labor pain.
The midwife asks for hot water.
The rain starts to pour heavily causing a lack of hot water.
Oliyan watches from afar.
Another boy comes there and introduces himself as Muthu.
He extends his hand for a shake but pranks him. Oliyan imitates him.
They become friends and suddenly they hear the loud roar of the woman.
The midwife holds the baby and says "It's a girl".
The woman looks at the baby and takes her last breath.
Oliyan looks at a light emerging out of the woman's body into the air and disperse.
Muthu looks at Oliyan and thinks if Oliyan is retarded because Muthu cannot see anything.
The Airavan says, "Throw into the river".
A bandit asks, "The child?".
Airavan replies in annoyance, "The woman you idiot!".
Oliyan walks into frame and stands next to the baby.
The midwife gives the baby in the hands of Oliyan and says "Your sister!".
Oliyan holds the baby in his hands as it thunders and the moon light falls directly on them.
Airavan looks at the scene in shock and walks away.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Airavan is now standing near a rock covered in vines with ancient paintings on it.
He sees the painting of a boy holding a baby under a ray of light.
As he moves the lamp to the left he sees more inscriptions.
5 stars falling to earth from a portal. A boy in the river.
Glowing Sun. Glowing footprint. A man on a horse. A cave on a mountain.
A demonic figure. Temple in Hampi. Etc.
The scene fades as the fire fades.

3. OLIYAN GROWTH ARC -
Oliyan is deep in the forest.
A bunch of bandits are around him.
They ask Oliyan to fight and they rag him.
Blood drips and he is heavily hurt.
Airavan saves him.
Airavan is teaching Oliyan how to use swords.
He teaches him horse riding.
He explains why they became bandits.
Once upon a time they were the protectors.
They used to kill the demons living below the cliff.
They were shooed by upper communities.
He says next he will learn archery.

4. OLIYAN PATH ARC -
Helps fight another group of bandits and gets closer to them.

5. OLIYAN REVELATION ARC -
Oliyan sees the prophecy stone.
He reaches deep in the forest slips and falls off the cliff.
Down the cliff there are different beings like giant spider, crabs and mantis.
He fights them off with great valor and the SUN power.

6. OLIYAN CONVERGENCE ARC -

7. OLIYAN ADVENTURE ARC -
Deep in the forest Oliyan and his gang come go deep into a forest.
They are attacked by a Daithya.
Muthu says he is enough to kill the Daithya.
The Daithya cuts them into pieces using his hairs.
Everyone die expect 

8. OLIYAN BATTLE ARC -









