1. BUVIN RESURGENCE ARC -
We are near the Pamba river basin.
It is dusk and a cow grazer is washing his face.
He sees all his cows collected at a place.
It is raining and thundering.
Shocked at the scene he walks there and sees the cows surrounding a boy covered in mud.
Suddenly a loud thunder strikes and the land slides.
The grazer along with the cows all get locked under the rubles.
He cries and struggles to get out of his position.
Suddenly he gets shocked to see all his cows safe on the side.
He continues to struggle and suddenly he sees the boy standing in front of him.
The boy covered in mud has a godly appearance with flowers blossoming out of him.
The boy touches the ground and the boulder turns to dust.
The grazer escapes and walks back in fear looking at the boy and the events that just happened.
A thunder hits the boy and he goes unconscious.
A cow starts licking the boy.
The grazer picks up the boy as it starts to rain heavily.
He leaves him inside an under construction temple with a stone inside the gudi.
He writes something on the wall and runs away.
Next morning two sculptors come to the temple and begin their work.
They hear rumbling sounds coming from inside the gudi.
They open the screen and to their shock they see a beautiful idol of Varaha.
A sculptor asks another if he carved the idol and the man says no.
He goes out saying he'll call their boss.
The sculptor looked at something written on the wall "The earth itself is here".
Below it he sees a boy-like figure carved to the wall.
It begins to shake and the boy comes to live as the stone features disappear.
The sculptor cannot believe his eyes at what he is seeing and calls him "Bhuvin".
The boy is scared and he looks at his stone hard hands.

2. BHUVIN FOSTER ARC -
The boy with stone hands is scared and the sculptor takes him to an ayurvedic doctor.
The doctor looks at the condition and applies some medicines.
He says "I have not seen any condition like this before where did you find him?".
Sculptor says "In the temple". Doctor asks what shall he do now?
Sculptor says "After my wife's death I think this boy was sent to me by god himself I will treat him like my own son".
They are now near the river and the boy takes a dip.
The sculptor says come here I must apply the malam.
To his shock the hands of the boy are now clear.
The boy applies the balm to his hands and a few flowers sprout.
They are now in the temple for the inauguration.
A guy asks where did the boy come from.
The sculptor says, "He is my sister's son. She died".

3. BHUVIN GROWTH ARC -
The young Bhuvin is sleeping.
The sculptor is doing some work and he hears some sound.
He comes out and sees two guys try to steel a sculptor's work.
The sculptor tries to stop them but they attack back.
One of the thief tries to kill the sculptor and the boy rescues him just in time.
The boy kills them and covers them with his powers.
Another day he sees a boy getting beaten by some people because of caste.
Bhuvin and the boy become close.
The boy is attacked again by some men.
This time Bhuvin steps in and saves the boy.
The boy and Bhuvin are near the river.
The boy asks about Bhuvin's powers.
Bhuvin says he has no idea.
The boy asks to show him some powers.
[Comedy scenes of power mishaps]
The boy asks what do you want to do when you grow up?
Bhuvin says he has no idea.
He takes a stone and magically carves it into some beautiful sculpture.
The boy says "With you powers you can become a great sculptor just like your uncle".
The boy says I will become a police officer and put the ones who killed my parents to jail.
The boy grows up to become an inspector.

4. BHUVIN PATH ARC -

5. BUVIN REVELATION ARC -
The year is 2013 and an event is going on in some place.
Beautiful dancers are performing on stage.
On the other side a bunch of criminals are stealing something.
A man like Batman comes there and attacks the criminals to take back what they stole.
The performance on stage and the fight on the streets play in parallel.
The criminals are hanged on trees.
On stage a big sculpture of Kali is unveiled.
The host calls the sculptor on stage.
After a while the door opens- Enter the sculptor.
The door opens and he walks with swag as people give standing ovations.
The sculptor opens his speech by saying "sorry I am late and had to deal with something personal".
The sculptor is the one who was fighting the criminals.
The reporters ask questions and he answers them all.
A reporter asks about why Kali and he gives good feminist answers.
Another reporter asks "Were the stolen sculptures from his workshop found?".
One reporter asks "Do you remember the first thing you sculpted?".
His hands begin to tremble like he remembers his hands turned into stone [fast cut].
Close into the eyes of the sculptor as he lifts his face.
Bhuvin looks at his trembling hands and stops it.
Bhuvin says sorry I was lost there for a while.
A reporter asks "What do you think the highest bid will be?".
He says "I don't know but all the money will definitely go to earthquake welfare funds".
All the reporters start getting calls and they all run.
Everyone is in front of a tree where the criminals are hanging by their waist.
All the sculptures are below them.
Back in the auditorium, Bhuvin walks out.
The host says the auction will begin soon. Thank you for your patience.
Bhuvin walks and sits in a car.
It starts to drizzle.
He lowers his window, puts his trembling hands out and feels the rain.
Face reveal. He gets a call and he says "Okay".
He asks the driver to stop near an alley.
He gets down and starts to walk.
Suddenly he is stopped by a man with a gun who asks for his wallet.
Bhuvin ignores and continues walking.
The man shoots a bullet and Bhuvin dodges.
He spins his hands conjuring a stone and throws it smacking him on the head.
He walks and sits in a bar next to a man.
The man says nice work and Bhuvin says I did the work that you should have done.
The man says "I am the one who gave you the location did I not?".
Bhuvin asks if he arrested the people who killed his parents.
The inspector says "They all died before I became police".
Bhuvin says "So what do you want for it Inspector?".
The inspector says he needs his help with something.
Bhuvin says, "I am sorry. The man who looked after me is on the deathbed. I cannot do it".
He walks away.
The officer says, "It is about that itself, I know the one responsible for the situation of your father".
He gives him a look and walks away. The inspector takes his drink.
Bhuvin is now in his house where his father is bedridden with drips.
The man says "It is time for me to leave, you are the best thing to happen to me".
The man says "I still remember the miracle boy who came out of the walls".
Sculptor on the deathbed says, "I still feel like all this is like a dream! You were my son and my protector".
"I am getting flashes of my memory".
"When I close my eyes I can still see the self-manifested boy on the wall how?".
Bhuvin says "Even I do not know! For me it is all stories. 
"All I know is that the Pamba river gives me the power".
Sculptor asks, "Can you do one last trick for me please".
Bhuvin holds the sculptor's hand and makes a flower to sprout.
The sculptor smiles and dies.
Bhuvin closes their hands.

6. BHUVIN CONVERGENCE ARC -

7. BHUVIN ADVENTURE ARC -
Fight under ground in a cave.

8. BHUVIN BATTLE ARC -




