Son asks his dad if the house is haunted. His father laughs and says that there are no such things as ghosts. The son insists and says that the maid said so. The dad gets scared and screams saying the maid died a few days back. Listening him screaming the wife walks out of the kitchen asking him what had happened. He tells her about the encounter of the son with the ghost of their maid. The wife shakingly tells him that they do not have a son. The husband shakes in fear and says he will just lie down for a while. The guy then walks into his room. His wife stands there still and suddenly a man taps her shoulder. She turns back only to be scared because it was her husband. She faints because of this encounter because she just saw her husband go to the room. 

In the room the guy meets his friend. The friend asks him why he looks worried. The man narrates the story and for his surprise his friend says that he does not have a wife either and they both are bachelors. The friend then asks him to rest and walks out of the room.

The friend comes out of the room. There a maid is sweeping the floor. The maid asks the friend who he was talking to and tells him that he lives alone. The guy walks out ignoring the maid.

The maid turns to see a kid behind her. He asks her who is she talking to. The maid then realizes that she was talking to no one. The maid then tells the kid that the house is haunted.

The boy later asks his dad if the house is haunted. The dad gets shocked and asks the boy he is. His wife walks out of the door and asks him what happened. The man asks the woman who they both are.

Now it is clear that there are three version of man who have crossed each others universe.

What happens next? Who is the maid? How will they go back to their universe?

The man starts calling out his friend
The friend walk out and says weren't you sleeping
The mans asks who the woman and kid are
The friend says who woman and kid there is no one there
The friend holding his drink in his hand says not sure if i am drunk or you and the maid
The friend asks the man to get some ice from the kitchen
The man walks out of the room
The man sees a woman sleeping on the couch and he screams
The woman wakes up and asks what is wrong why was I asleep
The friend searches for the man to get the ice
The man comes in from the main door and gets food
The man asks his wife if she is okay now and who the kid is
The friend sees man sleeping and wakes him up
The man asks the friend when did you come where is my wife and kid
