2 Hours - 20 Min segments - 6 segments 

Segment 1 - Meet at the bar
Segment 2 - Drive out somewhere 
Segment 3 - Accident and dacoits
Segment 4 - Police
Segment 5 -
Segment 6 - Come back home and aftermaths

Kay - Pramodh - Cyber - Brainy (from malnad)
Gadhe - Sunil - Gym Coach - Strong
Thonde - Anjan - Lawyer - Law
Hampi - Vishnu - Mechanic - Tools
Thodla - Govinda - Medical - Scary Cat
Kalla - Shreyas - Unemployed Robber - Joker

Parties -
1. The Boys (6 Drunk Friends)
2. The Bigshot Gang
3. The PSI and Constable
4. The Estate Owner (who is kidnapped in his own house)
5. The Goons (who kidnapped the estate owner who used to work for him before)
6. The Boss (who has a big house and deals drugs)
7. The Dealers (who works under The Boss)
8. The Car

CLIMAX -
The PSI gets the medal for single handedly bringing the summgling down.
The Bigshot Gang is caught for something The Boys did.
The Estate Owner is safe.
The Goons are dead.
The Boys come back to Bangalore.
The Boss is arrested.
The Dealers are dead/ arrested.
The Car is new but the numberplate is same.

Kay and Kalla -> Go to a near by house and runs away with kidnapped owner.
Gadhe and Thonde -> Searching for first 2 and caught by polic.
Govinda -> Sleeps under the bed.
Hampi -> Caught and blackmailed by kidnappers.

In bar friends to waiters after high
Gadhe: anna nang ond kalmi
Thonde: nang ond half boil double roast 
Kay: nang ond half boil single roast
Govinda: nang ond omlette
Kalla pukes on Govinda
Hampi: hakudnalla omlette 
Chain reaction - one after another 3 people pukes

gf: nan bday ge neen call eh madilla
(flashback of hiim calling)
bf: (over phone in bar drunk af) hello ammu baby happy birthday chinnu uhumma.. uhmmma.. uhammam..
(flashback ends)
bf: madinalla baby
gf: sul yako heltya... ista illla andre sumne breakup agana - cuts the call.
bf opens his call history -
dolly zoom -
friend: en aayto breakup ah
bf: looo... ammu ge call madak hogi... ammang call madbitte
CLIMAX -
He reaches home and sees his mother with a broom cleaning outside the house. She hols the broom and palma it like she's angry.
He breaths into his hands and smells for alcohol.
She approaches slowly (doctor film like bgm)
Mother: Where were you so late?
Him: Com... combine studies.
Mother: IT company avng eno combine studies? college al hange heltide inna ade heltidyalla.
Him: adu flow alli.
Mother: nenne ratri 12 ge call madide.
Him: adu... adu... (scared af)
Mother: call madudmele mathadak enu ninge.
Him: haa!!!?
Mother: Call madi enu mathadle illa.
(flashback)
He calls amma instead of ammu and hits silent by mistake. Or his mother's phone was connected to the bluetooth.
(flashback ends)
Him: hangandre naan mathadid enu kelslilva.
Mother: enu illa... vapas call madudru ethlilla.. est tension agithu gotha.
Him: ayyo naan ning call madide adun helakke.. nni phone tap adu naan en madli.. nan mel enik regadtya.
Mother: nan phone al call recording aguthe alva adun kelskotin bidu.
Him: beda beda maneg band aytalla enike adella.
Mother walks away.
Him: sadya just al escape ade!
Mother: neen office inda direct ag alva ache hogidu.. bag elli?
Him: shit company id card, laptop ella hoytu!!!
Laptop is under a tree where he was swinging.
The branch falls on the bag and breaks the laptop.

Friend wakes up in the middle of nowhere in a car.
He wakes up another guy and another guy.
Friend: el idivo en ayto... (shots) eno aytu!!
Wide shot - the car has hit a tree
In the pilion seat the airbag is on the face of the pillion named govinda.
friends: govinda govinda
friend: govinda... govinda agodnallo
Govinda suddenly wakes up -
Govinda: ond dum kodo... (looks around) hey crazy
He comes to his senses 
Govinda: nam apun caruuuuuuu
Friend: Govinda
Govinda: haa?
Friends get down from the car.
Friend: Car govinda

They all look at the car worried.
Kay checks his phone - No charge.
Thonde checks his phone. Kay asks, "Charge idya". 
Thonde gives his phone to Kay and says, "Network illa".
Kay takes the phone climbs a rock, raises a phone, searches here and there
He says, "Network illa".
Thonde with confused expression says, "Gothu! Naanu adunne helidu Network illa antha".
"Computer engineer thane neenu adike ning kotte phone na".
Kay gets angry, "Engineer aadre? Network en nan moog inda barutha?".
Kalla wipes his nose with a leaf and says, "Nang anthu moog inda (blows) bari gonne baruthappa! En chali lo".
"Govinda! Nim medical inda negdi matre tarbekithu".
Kay gets angry, "Hu thale novu, jwara, joolab eladku matre ne 24 gante gothege itkond tirgadtirtane avnu".
Govinda takes out a pouch from the glove compartment and gives medicine to Kalla.
Govinda says, "Adu gadi al yavaglu iruthe... nam appung goskara itirthini".
Kalla says, "Nod da! Nam thodla medical itkond matre kodtne! Neen CS engineer agi network barsak agatilla".
Kay gets angry. Kalla blows his nose again.
Suddenly, Hampi says, "Yeah" in excitement.
Kay gets happy, walks to Hampi and asks, "En agide antha gotaita".
Hampi says, "Illa! Job al dhum sigtu".
Everyone has a stick in their mouth.
They look around but they find no lighter.
The mechanical engineer breaks a stick from the tree.
Puts it in petrol tank.
Uses spark to light the stick and they all light their cigarettes with it.
When he reaches Kalla, he takes out a matchbox and lights his cigarette.
Kalla gets angry at him.
Kalla says, "(drunk) you asked for lighter not matchbox".

A friend who is a mechanical engineer checks the car and gets it ready.
Another friend walks and finds the road.
Govinda: lo dents gal eno madadu
Mech friend: maneg hogo munche nam garage al ready madbodu bido.
They all sit in th car.
Friend: el idivi ivaga.
Everyone checks their phone -
no charge - broken - no signal 
They drive off.
Camera pans to show a guy sleeping under the tree.

When they are travelling from the bar to somewhere they stop at shell station.
They buy some ciggs and when paying they get into a fight with another gang (bigshots) and escape.

One of the friend hides in the dicky of a car.

A friend is sitting on the ground next to the door.
Another friend opens the door and hits the friend in the face. [To end a scene]

Include a marriage somehow.
They must go to a marriage but some crazy shit happens there.

The boys are talking on the phone.
Suddenly a bike comes behind them and hit them on the head.

A friend is lost and they assume that he is dead.
They all sit together and discuss what to say back home. 
They all talk about how he died.

In a homestay room a big fight between The Dealers and The Goons.
The homestay owner calls the police.

They go to a hotel/ homestay and find out a dead person.
They suddenly hear a knock - Malnad Police open the door.
The owner of the homestay called the police because of gun sounds.
The owner cries looking at the destroyed room. [Madgao Express - 01:07:00]

A scene where all the goons of The Boss are sleeping because that is what they do in the afternoon most of the times.

One gets caught while trying to blend in which creates a long ruckus.
The other is about to get caught but hearing the ruckus, he shouts POLICE causing panic.
They then escape with the mall.

They get caught and one of them is about to get his neck slashed.
Suddenly, a bullet hits the attacker.
It is the police undercover who saves them.

A friend tries to a wall or something.
He picks up a heavy hammer.
He swings it back hitting the face of another friend.
This breaks 2 of his front teeth.
Villain finds the broken teeth.
When their paths cross the villain identifies them with this broken teeth.

In the interval they somehow get their car good as new.
The homeowner gifts them a car - a 6 seater in exchange for their damaged car.
Its early morning.
They are driving in the highway with the new car.
Govinda worries about what to tell his dad.
Hampi says, "Once we reach back I have a man who will give you a white swift in exchange for this innova".
Kalla says, "Are you mad to exchange 25L car for a 5L car".
Thonde says, "Govinda you said its your fathers birthday right! Just tell him its a birthday gift".
Kay says, "Yes he will be very happy".
Gadhe says, "If not then you can exchange it anyways".
Hampi says, "Yeah! we also have the plates of that car! We'll just put it to the new car".
"And make sure no situation comes where number plate has to be correlated with the chassiss number".
Suddenly a truck follows them and hits them.
They try to go aside thinking lets not get into anymore trouble.
Thonde says, "Note down the car number, I will put a huge case".
Govinda says, "We had enough trouble already Mr. Lawyer".
The truck continues to hit them from behind.
They fall into a ditch.
Goons get down from the truck and attack and catch them [Comedy type chase].
They are caught and kidnapped in the truck.
They are in the middle of nowhere now with the truck and a big car. [Hangover 3 - 00:15:25]
A bigshot gets down from car.
He shows them a video of some kithapathi that they did.
He shows another picture and say you were with him.
The picture is of the kidnapped home owner.

Two of them are in the car driving.
They hit someone.
They think he is dead.
They see a police ar coming in to the scene.
They sit back in the car and reverse it and it suddenly stops.
They get down and hide in the bushes.
The police get down and walks towards the fallen person.
The person suddenly wakes up gasping.
The boys get releaved because he is alive.
Suddenly the police shot him on the chest and the boys look at it in shock.

Two of the boys are blackmailed to pawn something.
Like give diamonds and take cash or sell gold and take cash.

A friend is tied to a time bomb and they ask him to do something.
They do it but they still do not detonate it.
The timer goes off and then nothing happens.
The blackmailers say, "Hehe! We do not know how to make a bomb. Thanks for the work! Bye".

They are ambushed by men with guns.
The friends party slowly back up.
They think they are giving up.
One of the friends shouts loudly.
There are some people off their side on the top floor.
They start shooting them below.
When shootout happens.
A friend is on the ground with his legs spread.
The bullets continuously hit on the ground between his legs.
He crawls with his ass backwards as the bullets hits missing his balls by inches.

One of the boys are followed and hunted by 2 goons.
They reach a farm house or something.
The goons look at the muddy footprints leading into the room.
They follow it.
The footprints stop in front of a wardrobe.
They laugh and open the wardrobe to find only the shoes.
Suddenly, the boy comes out of a curtain next to the wardrobe like jumpscare.
Hits the goons on the head making them unconscious.

Two boys are in a room with some parceled food.
One friend says, "What a nice smell! Bicho bega!".
Another friend says, "Eh iro tight ag gant hakavne".
The other two friends are in the corridor walking towards the room.
From outside the room they hear the other two inside the room talking.
"Bega bicho tadkolak agala - Bichtini iro - Mmmmmm".
The two friends on the outside look at each other in disgust.
They suddenly enter the room 
The friend inside says, "Banro oota madi".

Tow boys are in front of the police.
Police asks them what do they do.
One guy says he works in IT.
The other guy says, "Sir nothing big! Thanks to my dad! Technology, Health Care, Particle Physics, Aviation, Space Tech".
The police stand up thinking he is some bigshot.
He continues, "Real Estates and much more! I talk about in my podcasts".
The police slaps him making him roll on the floor.

In the story Kalla meets a girl who is a thief.
When they part ways she hold his hand and hugs him and leaves.
Kalla looks at her with emotions.
Hampi says, "She took your watch".
Kalla says, "No problem! I took her earrings" and takes out earings from his mouth.

In a scene one of the guys is beating a bad guy.
A girl watches this. He begins to flirt.
He picks up a bag and exists the scene looking at the girl with full saas.
He hits his face to a pole and becomes full ajeeb.

Thonde and Kalla are under a sewer and they must go up from a hole.
Kalla says he needs his support and asks him to lift him.
The problem is Kalla's shoes are covered in poop so Thonde does not agree for it.
But at the end he has no other option.
Thonde finds a plastic cover and puts it over his hand and takes a stance.
Kalla puts one leg on Thonde's hand and the other on his shoulder.
Thonde screams silently, "Thu! Ladhi... Ladhi... Ladhi". [Get smart 47:15]
Kalla lifts his leg from Thonde's hand and plastic cover flies off.
Kalla places his hands on Thonde's hand again.
Kalla says, "Ladhi alla kano adu kesru"
Now Thonde's hand is also covered in shit.
Finally, Kalla is out of the hole.
Thonde extends his hand and asks Kalla to pull.
But now Kalla hesitates to touch his hand because it is dirty.
Thonde says, "Ladhi alla kano adu kesru"
Kalla takes his hand and pulls him up.

A friend says something emotional.
Another friend begins to gasp and tears up.
They says, "Ivn yaako ist emotional agoda".
The friends says, "Egg bhurjili mensinkai tinbitte, Khaara".

They cannot go to police because -
Kay must go abroad and he cannot take any risks of law.
Kalla already has a case and does not want to escalate.
Govinda is kidnapped.

When they are in the bar some scenario comes where Kalla gives his second number to Gadhe.
Gadhe asks him why he has a second number.
Kalla says, "This is my propetional number".
Kay says, "Professional kano adu".
Gadhe says, "Ning yako professional number, bari tinadu, kudiyadu, malkoladu".
Kalla fells bad.
Gadhe says, "Bitti enne andre od od baradu".
Kalla gets up and leaves. Govinda runs behind him.
Hampi tells, "Yako Gadhe? Sumne bejar madkond hoda".
Gadhe does not care.
Govinda comes back and says, "Avn en bejar madkond ed hoglila, washroom ge hoda aste! barthane vapas".

Gadhe and Kalla are now together. Now in drunk friendship love.
Kalla tell Gadhe, "Naan enadru nin saala vapas kod de sathre! Nan kidney tagond bido maga".
Thonde asks, "Neen enadru kidney failure inda sathre".
Kalla says, "Liver kodtino".
Hampi says, "Ad avagle damar ag hogiruthe".

X & Y must go somewhere on a bike.
X is driving. Y says, "Petrol est ide nodo".
X opens the tank and shakes the bike and hears the sound of petrol.
X says, "Hu full idnag ide".
After some scenes in between the bike suddenly stops.
Y says, "Petrol kaali na? Full ide andalo".
X opens the tank and shakes it and hears the sound of liquid.
He says, "Hu petrol ide kano".
Y notices a water bottle on the head of the bike and takes it out.
He says, "Ivag aladsu!". He shakes it and no sound now.
Y angrily says, "Full tank!". 
X smiles and says, "Naav barvaga ille munde swalpa doora bunk ithu alva".
Now they must push the bike till the bunk - This will give a chance to add some dialogue exhanges like emotions or love.

In a scene two friends (X & Y) return back on a bike.
X is limping [or has a bruise on the head].
Others ask what happened.
Y says, "Gadi al barvaga nai gal kata... ond yegrthu nodu".
[Kalla asks, "Taleg kacho ast height yegrutha?".
Govinda says, "Stitch madbeko, Dettol tagond baro septic aguthe illandre".
Kalla says, "Thu naigalge manushyathva ne illa".
Govinda says, "Naig eniko manushyathva iruthe penga".
[	X says, "Eh alla!". Flashback - Y stops the vehicle, gets down angry at the dog,
	picks up a rock, attemps to throw,
	But throws it behind and hits X on the head
]

After the bar when they decide to go on a trip they are near the car.
Govinda says, "Key alle bithu ansuthe".
Kay says, "Lo Thonde key idya antha hog nodkond baro".
Thonde goes and comes back.
They ask him, "Key itheno alli".
Thonde says, "Hu". "Elli?".
Thonde says, "Neen key idya antha nodkond baa ande... nodkond bande... tarak helda?".

After the car crash, Thonde is searching for something with great concern.
He holds a phone and constantly calls it.
It gets a busy tone.
Others ask him whats wrong man.
Thonde says, "Nan phone! Kaldogide! Bar alle bitte ansuthe!".
Calls his phone again.
"Engage bartide! Yavano boli maga ethkond hogavno! Costly phone kano".
Kay looks at him and says, "Nin phone yavanu ethilla".
Thonde smiles and says, "Nan magne college tara neeve nan phone depidira?".
Kay keeps his hand on his shoulder and says, "Nin phone ge... nin phone inda ne call madtidya".
Kalla plays a song from his phone - "Tightu... Tightu". Others laugh as Govinda cries worried about his father's car.

Something happens and two of the friends are escaping from someone.
They successfully hide.
A close up shows that they are hidden.
They wishper, "They cannot see us right?". "No chance we are well hidden".
CUT TO - A wide shot shows only their faces hidden behind a small pot or something like that but entire body is visible.
They are caught.

They are hiding and crawling in the dark.
Kay lifts his hand to signal stop behind them.
Drunk Kalla crawls to the front and high fives.
This causes a loud clap sound.
They escape by a hair.

A heroic shot where the boys are walking in slow-mo after doing something daring.
Govinda slips causing a domino effect.
Everyone falls. Hero moment destroyed.

They need to break a lock.
Kalla says, "Naan beega murithini".
"Ning heng gotha beega muriyakke".
Kalla says, "Youtube nod kalthkonde".
He tries and tries but fails.
Kay finds a key on the sajje and says, "Beega sikthu bido master breaker".
Kalla takes the key and puts it into the keyhole.
The key breaks.
"Beega murithini anbit beega ne murdh bityallo goobe".
Gadhe says, "I know how we can go inside".
Kay asks, "How?".
Cut to inside the house.
The window shatters because Gadhe threw a rock.
Camera pans. Kay asks, "Why did you break the glass?"
The windo has grills from inside.

Gadhe gives a great motivation speech to his friends with "dhairyam sarvatra sadhanam, Dhairyam sanmathi lakshanam".
After the speech the camera pans with a arc as Gadhe turns.
Gadhe lets out a girly scream looking at the lizard on the wall. He smiles and says, "Palli".
The friends sarcastically say, "Dhairyam sanmathi lakshanam... Woo Hoo".

The villian calls with demands.
Someone says, "Record madu record othu".
He clicks on it. Kay whispers loudly saying, "Noooo!".
The automated voice says, "This call is now being recorded".
The villian hangs up the call.
Kay growls angrily.

They are in a situation where they should move something heavy in a hurry.
They struggle to move it.
Gadhe enters the scene and says, "Gym ig hogro andre kelalla".
He stands next to the heavy object and as he starts to move, he farts.
He holds his stomach and embarrassingly says, "It's natural".
He successfully moves the heavy object.

Govinda and the other two friends are seperated and lost in the forest.
The two friends walk in the forest and hear screams and crying of a woman coming from a far.
Horror setup.
They walk towards the sound.
They find out that it is Govinda alone and crying.

They are in a place where a door does not open.
Kalla tries to open it. No luck.
Gadhe pushes the door with all hi might but it does not open.
Gadhe takes a few steps back ready to ram into it.
As Gadhe runs towards the door, Kay simply pulls the door and it opens.
Gadhe rams into the store. Kay shrugs his hand in disbelief on how stupid they are.
Kalla says, "Oh! Pull ah idu! Naan push ankonde".
Kay nods and they enter the store.

They are driving.
Hampi is driving. Gadhe has the GPS.
They come across an intersection.
Hampi asks, "Left ah Right ah?".
Gadhe says "Straight" with an accent. 
Hampi takes a right.
Gadhe screams, "Staright... Staright... Staright".
Hampi stops the car and says, "Right andallo".
Gadhe says, "Right alla straight".
Hampi says, "Straight adu strite alla... staright".
He reverses the car. Gadhe says, "Strite hogu".
Hampi stops the car and says, "anna... kannada dal eda bala annu saaku".
Gadhe says, "Neraa".
Sleepy Kalla says, "Ditta... nirantara sudhigagi nodthairi TV9".
Hampi to himself, "Ol olle namunegalu".

The boys are pissing.
Kalla asks, "Govinda neen doctor alva".
Govinda replies, "Medical shop irad kano".
Kalla says, "Eh ond tara doctor eh adu!". 
Thonde asks, "Nang ond doubt ide".
Govind asks, "Enu?".
Thonde asks, "Naav kudidu cold beeru! Adru nam uche enik bisi iruthe?".
Kalla says, "".

They are talking about something and they need a solution.
Kay thinks a lot. Others are looking at him.
He picks up the beer, gulps it like a child while still deeply thinking.
They ask him, "So en madana helu". Kay says, "naan en heli?".
They says, "ast youchne madtidallo". Kay says, "naan el yochne mad de? naan nan padig kuditide aste".

Gadhe and Hampi are driving a big tempo.
Due to some situation they stop it and enter the container.
Hampi says close the door and Gadhe closes it.
After a while they try to get out but the door is locked and can be opened only from outside.
Hampi scolds Gadhe and Gadhe says, "neene thane muchak helidu".
They worry and try to open the door but it doesn't open.
Gadhe says, "entha waste mechanic oh neenu? Ond door open madak agalva! Naan madtin iru".
Gadhe takes a few steps back and runs to ram the door.
Wide shot from outside shows only a thud sound and Gadhe says, "Owch!". [The king of queens S5E15 14:00]
They are later reschuled by the boys who open the door at the end of that side chapter.

Gadhe is a proud strong man.
Something happens where he gets a small wound [splinter or falling from bed]
A fried asks, "Althidyeno".
Gadhe says, "Illa" in a crying tone.

Friend-1 asks Friend-2, "Lo edhidya?".
Friend-2 says, "Hu edhidini. Neenu?".
Friend-1 says, "Le edidya antha naan kelde andmel naan edhidini antha thane artha".



