A FAMILY DRAMA

A woman looks at the calendar and signs.
Her man wakes up from the bed and asks, "Is the water hot? I must go early".
She is now in the kitchen making breakfast.
On the table, grandfather reads the newspaper, her son and daughter are fighting, the husband is getting ready.
The grandfather says this is yesterday's newspaper. Did you not bring todays?
She goes out to get it. Husband calls her asking where my other socks are. She gets irritated.
The son screams and because his sister turned off the switch at night.
The mother asks what happened to that big brick (power bank) that he bought for 3K.
They continue to fight until she shouts.
The grandfather says, "No peace early in the morning" and lets out a fart - They're eating.

Everyone are sitting around the dining table.
The son asks whats for breakfast, "She says, upma and Akki roti".
The daughter says, "Why can't we eat toast, jam, butter". The son says, "Enough watching western series".
The mother says, "This is all there is today shut your trap and eat".
Montage - Coffee, Tea, Boost, Ice team, Milk with sugar.
The husband asks, "How can they eat with their mouth closed".
The husband says, "You are booking a cab to go to college. When I was young I used to walk for 5 kms without slippers".
"If you want to discipline your kids then do it some other way, why are you disrespecting me?".
The grandfather says, "Your school was just 2 roads away and I had brought you many pairs of shoes".
The husband asks her, "Did you pay the current bill?".
The mother asks the same question to the daughter and she asks it to the brother - He says hmm.
The mother says, "My recharge is done please recharge it". The son says hmm.
The son spills the coffee, breaking the glass and spreading it over the floor and rushes out.
It falls on the daughter as well. They all start to scream and fight.
The woman screams loudly but only in her imagination.

The grandfather asks, "Why are you so silent today?".
The daughter says, "The cab is here bye. Ma today is half day I will come home for lunch".
The husband says, "I must go early, I will have breakfast in the canteen".
The grandfather says, "There is no sugar in this coffee, redo it please, your mother-in-law used to do good coffee".
The grandfather says, "This is yesterday's paper not todays, please get it".

She is now cleaning the veranda with water.
Suddenly, the son comes running with his dirty shoes, "I forgot my ID card".
As he runs back out, she smacks him one on the back, he slightly escapes.
She sadly looks at the dirty footprint going inside the room.
To salt the wound, the grandfather says, "You have not cleaned the floor properly".

She is now in the kitchen with loads of vessels to wash.
"Breakfast is done! Now the same thing in loop for lunch, then for dinner - Life is just a loop", she signs.

She sits in front of the TV to watch some serial - Finally some me time to relax.
The grandfather comes there and says, "Can I watch some news".
"He listens to the news on TV as he reads the news on paper".
The grandfather asks, "What's for lunch".
The daughter says, "Paysam could have been a bit more sweet".

The mother is sweeping and the daughter suddenly turns on the fan.
She looks at the angry mother and runs away - Comes back - Turns the fan off.
The mother is with talking to the neighbor.
The neighbor says, "My husband gave me this new dress. Today was the day when we met".
She thinks to herself, "And then there is my husband".
The mother says, "My husband also gave me a gift for my birthday today". "What is it?". "Hmmm! A... A new phone".
The neighbor says, "I just left a reel, but how lucky is she!".
"Oh show it". "It is inside. I will show you some other day! Bye! I have work".

The son is with his friends, smoking. They plan to gift their lecturer something.
They plan to gift him a stone because he has a heart of stone. He says, "I will create the present".

The son comes home and calls his mother. "What!". "Is there anything to snack on?".
The mother stands in front of him, "Did you recharge my phone?".
The son says, "When did you ask me! Oh yes! I did recharge it but some issue from sim company".
The son recharges it secretly and she gets the recharge successful message.
The mom - To herself - They think we do not know, but we do - I also know he has had a beer and some cigarettes.
The chewing gum just makes the smell worst.
The mother says, "I need some items will you get it? You can buy some snacks for the change".
He says okay. She says, "Kotambri leaves, kadle hit, curd, kadle bele".
The sister says, "Bring masalpuri for me". He says, "Okay".
The mother - To herself - "But they never asks if I need something! But papa they give me some to taste".

The husband comes home and says, "My dear wife look what I brought".
He finds his wife sitting on the bed folding clothes looking out the window.
The husband goes behind her and asks, "What is wrong? are you okay".
She says, "It's the kids". He says, "They always fight! That is how siblings are".
She says, "I do so much for them". He says, "Oh! I know". "And my own kids forgot my birthday".
The expression of the husband changes because neither did he remember.
The husband says, "How dare they? Let me talk to them".
"By the way did you find the gift that I brought you?"
The wife gets excited and says "No". He says, "Then find it".
The wife says, "What is it? Where can I find it?". He says, "It is a surprise".
The wife asks, "Why are you early today?". He says, "For your birthday! I fought with the boss".
As he walks out he gets a call, "You said you will come early from office and said we'll party! Where are you?".
He stutters, "I suddenly got a meeting! I am still in the office".

He hears the siblings fighting.
He asks them, "How can you forget today". The son asks, "What is today?".
The dad says, "It is your mother's birthday".
The son gets panicked. 
The daughter says, "Why are you panicking? But she looked normal". 
The father says, "SHE LOOKED WAY TO NORMAL!. The son says, "That is dangerous".

In a park, the grandfather is flirting with an old woman.
He gets continuous calls but he doesn't pick it up.
He gets a text and opens it and starts to panic.
The woman asks, "What is wrong?". The grandfather says, "It is my daughter-in-law's birthday and everyone forgot".
The woman says, "You are all dead! Rest in peace".

The grandfather reaches home and meets the gang.
The grandfather asks, "Did the bomb blast yet?".
The father says, "No, we have to plan something".
The son says, "We need more time".
The woman walks into the hall and they overreact pretending to be normal.
The son salutes her for no reason.
She asks, "Shall I make coffee". The grandfather says, "How about tea?" The others give him a cold stare.
The grandfather understands the assignment and pretends to be light headed.
He says, "My head is spinning son, can you take me to the doctor".
His son asks, "If he is okay". The father twists his face and whispers, "Acting! Acting!".
The woman looks at the twisting mouth and says, "Fits, Fits". The son gives him a spoon.
The grandfather says, "No, No, I am alright".
The son says, "Looks like a mild headache, let me quickly take him to the doctor for safety reasons".
They go out. He says, "By the way, keep searching! Bye!".
The daughter asks her mother, "Shall I make coffee today?". The mother asks why.
The daughter says, "Its your birthday no". The mother asks, "You remember?".
The son says, "What! what did you do akka! you spoiled the surprise". The mother asks, "Surprise?".
The son says, "Yes we had planned a surprise birthday party".

The old man and his son are on a bike.
He asks his father, "What gift should I give her?".
The old man sees a jewelry store, "A jewelry". He says, "1 more week for salary".
The old man says, "A new vacuum cleaner". He says, "She will clean me out of the house".
The old man sees a flower shop, "A flower bokeh". He says, "Are we going for a reception?".
The old man sees a utensils shop, "A sout set! No she will hit you with the same sout".
Suddenly, the old man gets excited and asks him, "Stop! Stop! Stop!".
The son smiles and asks, "Did you get any good ideas? Tell me".
The old man says, "This is a difficult matter! Let's discuss this over a peg".
The wide shot reveals a bar behind them.
The son says, "What rubbish man" and drives off - CUT TO

They are sitting inside the bar drinking.
The son says, "I am not getting what to do! She might have searched the entire house".
The old man says, "Just tell her the truth".
The old man looks across the table and says, "They are your friends right!".
The son looks and the old man shouts, "The friends look at him in disgust".

Back at home the daughter hands over the coffee to her mother and brother.
The brother takes the coffee outside.
The mother drinks it, daughter asks how it is, she says it is good and spits it back.

Back at the bar, the son and father are sitting around the boys.
The boys say how bad it is to forget the wife's birthday.
One guy says, "One year I forgot it and my wife went to her mothers home for 3 months".
The man says, "I have promised her a surprise gift! Give me some ideas".
They give all wired ideas - Photo frame - no, lamp - You are the lamp of my life, money - let her buy whatever she wants,
saree - cliche, bangles - neighbors give it at festivals, kabab - "What?"
He points to the waiter and says I was ordering, they all order something - A chaos.
A guy asks the old man, "Have you ever gifted your wife something?".
The old man says, "Yes! I have given her this idiot". They all laugh.
The guy gets a call - It's from his son.

The son is pouring the coffee into the pot.
The son says, "Did you find any gift?". The father says, "No! I am blank! I am dead".
The son says, "At least bring a cake with her name". He says, "Okay!".
The mother sneaks him from behind. "I wonder if everything is okay with you grandfather".
The son says, "Yeah! He is fine, I just spoke to them".

The mother goes back inside.
The sister asks her brother, "What is the update?".
He says, "Nothing". He gets a text and he says, "Shit my girlfriend is waiting for me! I forgot about her".
The mother finds the gifts and comes out.
The daughter asks him, "What is it?". He says, "Stone!".
"Diamond, Ruby, Sapphire?". He says no, "Just a stone".
The mother says, "Found your father's surprise gift".
The daughter says, "If she opens it then she will hit father with the same stone".
The son says, "We must do something".
The mother sits and says, "Let's see what is inside".
The daughter sees God's photo on the wall and asks, "Ma! Did you go to temple today?".
The mother says, "With all the work I did not get time".
She says, "You must go to the temple on your birthday!". The son says, "Your daughter will come with you".
She says, "Why not you?". He stutters and says, "I ate non veg for lunch".
He whispers, "My girlfriend is waiting". She says, "Yes we can also have chats together".
The mother says, "Did you not eat it earlier". She says, "Eating at home and eating outside is different".
The mother says, "I will get ready".
The son runs and hides the gift under the teapoy.
The daughter says , "Do some decorations".
The mom comes out and says, "Shall we go". The daughter says "Yes!".

Back at the bar, his friends ask him to remember something.
Because women usually hide their desires indirectly in words.
One of them say, "They say the opposite of what they want" -- "Why do I need a new phone, just to make calls".
He remembers some scenes where she complains about her smartphone.
He calls his son and asks him to buy a smartphone. The son says, "I am in the temple with mom".
The man asks his friends, "Where do we get good cake?".
His friend says, "I know a place, let me order it! They will do home delivery".
The old man says, "First we must go home, brush teeth and put on scent".
He thanks his friends and "They leave".

They reach back home. They apply perfume. The grandfather says, "I will pack the gift".
They open the cake - It is smashed. They are worried.
The father looks at a family photo and places it on the smashed cake.
The son says, "Nice dad". The father says, "You should have decorated the place".
The son gets a text from her brother, "Reaching home in 5 mins".

The daughter and the mother reach home, she opens the door and as she's about to scream "Surprise" she stops.
There is nothing, no decoration, nothing.

The father hides something in sons pant.

The son gifts her ear pods.


They blast a confetti and she looses it.
She screams at the top of her lungs.
But again it was just in her mind.

She asks her husband, "By the way what date is today".
He looks at the calendar but it is covered by the balloon.
She says, "So without knowing what date it is! How did you know its my birthday".
"My birthday was 3 days back". They all make sad faces.
She laughs and says, "Just kidding, it is today".


Its late I must go urgently to Oh Hello after seing how beautiful they are

What is this - Somebody put it there I was taking it out to tear
Who tore it - I put it here and went away for 2 seconds and somebody tore it