Cor et Oculus ---

The Hills, somewhere in the west coast is a sanctuary of tranquility where one could get lost with the symphony of nature. Vajra, a rugged man, his face covered with dirt and some blood on his shirt, arrived with his camping gear, ready for some time of solitude.

He found a perfect spot near a serene lake, where he set up his tent and started a campfire, the crackling flames casting a warm glow.

As the sun began to set, he washed his face when two girls, Chaitra and Ruthu, arrived at the same camping area. Ruthu, with her outgoing and carefree nature, contrasted sharply with Chaitra, who was more reserved and cautious.

Vajra approached them with a friendly demeanor.

"Need any help setting up?" he asked, smiling. Smiling back flirtingly, "Sure, thanks!" Ruthu replied, while Chaitra nodded with a hesitant smile.

They quickly bonded over shared stories of their travels and adventures, their laughter echoing through the forest.

"Do you come here often?", Ruthu asks Vajra. "I do like going on camping alone, to bond with nature away from the hustle of people.", says Vajra, "I hate people!". Chaitra gets worried by his words.

"But you guys seem pretty good, Do you guys travel a lot". Ruthu smiles, "Oh yes! I love travelling, but we are new to this place". "Have you been to other places?" asks Vajra. "Not much", Chaitra says.

That night, as they sat around the campfire with a serene song playing on the radio.
Vajra asks them if they like to drink. "I have a good quality toddy". Chaitra hesitates but Ruthu being a carefree bird agrees.

As Vajra goes into his tent a crackling radio broadcast interrupts their conversation. The news reported about a serial killer on the loose, their MO is chopping of heads. Chaitra's face paled with anxiety, while Chaitra dismissed it with a wave of her hand.

"Don't let it ruin our trip," Ruthu insisted. "We're safe here. No one will harm us."

Vajra comes out with the bottle. Looking at the scared face of Chaitra he asks, "Is something wrong?". Chaitra sits idly while Ruthu tells him about the announcement.

Vajra stands there still with the bottle in his hand. He walks towards them slowly. Sits next to them and takes out a knife.

Chaitra gets scared. He opens the bottle with a knife and says "No need to worry about that!"
Ruthu grabs the bottle from his hands and says "That's what I said".

Vajra changes the radio station and they start to drink. Ruthu feels sleepy. Time passes by.

Ruthu, passed out, wakes up suddenly only to find Chaitra and Vajra missing. Ruthu calls out to them but no one responds. Ruthu searches for Chaitra in her tent but there is no sign of her.

The radio begins playing mysterious music and she walks around the forest looking for them.
Suddenly, she hears a rumble behind the trees.

She realizes that it is Vajra, holding a gun covered in blood, looking fierce with a body shaking behind the bushes. She gets scared and takes a few steps behind.

"What have you done?", she says. "Don't be scared!", he says while walking towards her.
"The blood... Chaitra!", she murmurs. He puts his gun down and says "I did not want to upset you... I am a hunter!", he says.

"What did you do to Chaitra?", she asks. "Chaitra? I do not know", he says, "She said she will go to sleep and you passed out after drinking!" she says.

The radio again played the news of the serial killer. "No, it is not me, I only hunt animals," he exclamates. He takes out a knife and she gets scared. He throws the knife away and says "Believe me, please!".

Ruthu picks up the knife and goes into his tent. "I didn't do anything!" Vajra insisted. "I will help you find Chaitra", he says.

She finds a paper in his tent with the words "Serial Killer Alert!". She brings the paper out and demands an answer. "It is just yesterday's newspaper!", he says.

She puts the knife down and starts to cry thinking about Chaitra. Suddenly, They heard the screams of Chitra and they ran towards the scream.

Ruthu called out to Chaitra while Vajra searched for her with a flashlight. As he passed the flashlight across the trees, he saw a woman standing facing a tree. When he looked again, she was gone.

Ruthu tells him what to do if the serial killer comes in front of us. He tells her not to worry. He can do nothing if he comes in front of us.

"Then what if the killer comes from behind?", Chaitra says. Vajra turns to find Chaitra holding a machete.

She chops his head off. "You know what is more fun than hunting animals?", says Chaitra.
"Hunting humans!!!", says Ruthu.

Both of them laughing maniacally they wrap his head around his shirt and say, "And that is 31"
They throw his wrapped head down the mountain.

Many heads can be seen where they throw the head implying that they are the killers.

--- POSSIBLE INIT DIALOGUE EXCHANGE ---
Ruthu - A short trip to stay far away from work, people, stress
Chaitra - I hope nobody knows the place, the influences are showing everywhere now
Ruthu - It is a secret place not many know about it
Chitra - A cool night under the stars with campfire is always the best
Ruthu - But better with some beer and some (signs pot)

--- A POSSIBLE SCENE IN THE CAR ---
Chaitra and Ruthu car journey scene - Chaitra is driving and careful, Ruthu is carefree and drinking.
Ruthu reminds Chitra - "When we were in the orphanage nobody cared about us, all the couples passed right past us!".
"Only HE saw us and whatever we are today, it is only because of him". [They both are in a successful magazine]
Chaitra asks, "Do you think he will be proud of us?". Ruthu opens the glove compartment and takes out a photo.
And we promised him, 31. Suddenly, the radio cracks.
They hear the news of a serial killer. Chitra is scared. Ruthu says, "OOO spooky".
Chitra says, "Is it necessary to go into the remote forest for a trip now? In this scenario?"
Ruthu says, "The probability of us dying from your driving is more".
Chitra, "Ha Ha, very funny".
Ruthu says, by the way tomorrow you will be 31.
As they drive someone asks for a lift but Chitra ignores and drives away.
Ruthu says, "He was cute". Chitra says, "But he might be a danger to us!".

--- A POSSIBLE SCENE ---
They are in a tea shop where they see news about a serial killer on the TV.
Police say, "It may be organ traffickers" - Reporter asks, "Then why just the eyes and hearts?" - Police is speechless.
Ruthu says, "You said you wanted to become police, see the challenges".

-- They pass an abandoned old checkpoint and take a diversion into the forest.
-- They enjoy nature (waterfalls, streams) and street dogs that they see.
-- Ruthu throws 2 rugged bags down a ditch. Vajra asks them what it is and she replies "just garbage".

They begin to hike and Chitra places 2 rocks on top of a pile of rocks and says, "One More".
We can see a vivid cult symbol behind it - Hidden in plain sight.
Ruthu says, "1 more week and then we will be in France".

--- VAJRA INTRO ---
Vajra washes his face and looks at how ugly he is
He gets angry and looks at a rabbit and strikes in anger

--- VAJRA BACKSTORY ---
He is an ex-army guy who was on a mission, somewhere remote.
It is dark and few army personnel are surrounding the house.
He leads the operation - They blast the door and enter the house.
They shoot and kill armed men in the house - They are terrorists cum cult who worship something not of this world.
---
He opens the door and sees 13 kids kneeling around in front of an idol
A leader praying to the idol - The man lifts his hands in the air and bends abnormally and charges towards Vajra
Vajra opens shots and the man is killed instantly the. Kids fall unconscious and gets up back after 2 secs
He sees the kids crying and he calms them down in a foreign language
He calls out his men and the men move the kids out to safety
---
Vajra notices his bullet had hit two kids and they seem killed
He gets numb and his fellow men take the kids out
The kid suddenly wakes and the bullet had hit the kids shoulder and arms he blocks the wound
His fellow men to take the kid away
---
Suddenly, he hears a voice calling out his name - It is coming from the idol
He gets into trance and walks towards the idol
He notices a trinket in front of the devils idol and picks it up
After a few seconds - His hands burn and the mark is still present - Flashback ends - the voices play in his head
"It was something... evil"
Back to flashback - He notices the devil next to him but it is actually one of his fellow men
He says, "We were informed that there are 26 kidnaped kids"
"But, there are only 13 kids, one is injured by your bullet and one died from it" Vajra gets emotional
The man says, "But there is something worse! 7 kids are killed but, their heart and eyes are missing".
Flashback ends - Vajra says, "The heart and eyes were missing!".
He hears a demonic voice coming from behind a stone door
They both open it and find 13 more kids' mouths and eyes tied. The man says, "13 more kids! Total 36! Mission successful!" and smiles
He says something in foreign language (because they are abroad) and takes the kids out.
---
A kid is in a wheelchair, he opens the blindfolds and realizes that the kid is blind and mute.
The kid tries to say something and mumbles (scary).
Vajra says everything will be alright and pushes the wheelchair as other children walk in front of him.
Suddenly, he notices a wire connected to the wheelchair - It pulls out triggering an explosion.
Vajra screams, lifts the kid onto his shoulder and runs.
The explosion causes chaos - The children might have been killed.
Out of the smoke to present day - With his face disfigured and one eye blind (Makes him look sinister but emotional).
The voices in his head say he killed the kids, he is useless, he is ugly, he doesn't have a head.
This aligns with the serial killer taking the hearts and eyes out of his victims.
---
Plot use - Did the energy from inside the idol get bound into Vajra hinting that he is the serial killer!
---
He is in his house and his mother is talking to her neighbor saying once he gets married everything will be alright.
He is in a house, the girl looks at him and runs away.
No one is ready to marry him making his mother feel grief - The voices in his head makes him angrier.
---
After his mother's death, he became a nomad - "The forest doesn't judge you! It gives you peace".
Chaitra asks about his mother. The voices say you are headless and he gets zoned out and says, "She died".
This gives a clue that he is the serial killer.
He does not want to hurt anyone anymore but the voices in my head they won't go
The girls get scared

--- A PSYCHIC HAUNT SCENE ---
There is some speaker in the middle of nowhere

--- THE REVEAL ---
Vajra is killed - The radio from his hands falls onto a rock and starts working again.
The radio says, "Breaking info! Near a body in a tea shop a female earring was found so the killer is possibly a female".
Chitra touches her ear and laughs like a psychic kid due to a missing earring. 
Ruthu also smiles and points, "Careless!".

--- THE MEET ---
The girls get lost and Vajra finds them and says he knows the right way

--- VAJRA BG ---
Army guy finds a cult during a rescue operation.
Wildlife photographer finds a cult in the middle of the forest.
A worker finds out about a cult under the church.
Him & 2 friends went there hiking few years ago, came across a cult but it is not there anymore. He wants to find the main idol.
Him and his friend had come there and his friend went missing 7 days before, the spot is a no entry zone so can't go to police.
Him comes across a forbidden ancient temple and He sees a photo boulted to a tree, it is his friend's photo.
His kid is critical due to an accident, the entity offers him a deal, his kid for 13 hearts. His kid lives but he forgets the deal.
He came to the hills after research to make a deal with the entity.
--- FAMILY BG
When he was a kid his parents used to visit a night church but he was never taken there.
His parents say when he turns 19 he has an important role to play in the church and he can meet their entity then.
One day it is his sisters 17th birthday and they celebrate.
After they cut the cake, his parents take his sister with them to the church.
He gets curious and asks why they are taking her.
They say just like he has a role at 19, she has a role at 17.
They say your birthday is tomorrow and you will understand everything.
He asks what is my role?
FLASHBACK - The parents with Arjun are in front of an astrologer.
Astrologer say, a prophecy will soon be fulfilled, you are lucky and are blessed.
Astrologer say, the home of his stars won't matter, he will be HOME to out lord when he turns 19.
Astrologer say, your daughter will be born soon and she will be the key to the HOME when she turns 17.
FLASHBACK ENDS
The parents and the daughter go out of the house.
Arjun watches them go and he couldn't control his curiosity and follows them.
He reaches a forest and hears faint chanting sounds.
He follows the sound and enters a forest.
He sees an idol of an entity with many eyes on the face.
A priest and cult members are performing some ritual (scary scenes).
He notices a girl tied to a table ready to be sacrificed.
He realizes that it is his sister.
Suddenly, the cult turns towards him and everybody's body break unnaturally.
The lamps and candles turn off and turn back on in a split second and everyone is disappeared into thin air.
He walks to the altar and sees trinkets, ritual objects and picks one item which burns into his hands.
He hears a faint voice coming from inside the idol, your body is my host.
He destroys the items and runs away.
After a few years, it all felt like a bad dream but then suddenly, he started craving hearts and eyes.
Voices started running in his head making him a violent psycho.
One day he sees a pamphlet of a black-magic priest.
The priest gives him a lemon and tells him to go to the moola and drop the lemon with his blood to be free from the curse.
He comes to the forest and constantly tries to find the moola.
He comes across the girls. Chitra is is sister and Ruthu is her friend who was promised fame in exchange for her help.
After he runs away from the cult site, his sister reappears and the deity asks her to finish what her Kutumba started.
She makes it her life's mission to find him and offer his body to the deity.
Chaitra pretends to be lost, Ruthu accuses him of killing her. He helps find her.
They find Chitra in a scary way near the moola site where they see the idol.
He runs to it, curses the idol and blames it for his situation, takes out the lemon and cuts his hands across the symbol.
He finally says he is finally free from the curse and smiles in relief.
Ruthu says, she thought he was the serial killer.
He says, no human ever comes here why will a serial killer be in front of you.
Ruthu asks what if the killer somes from behind. He turns and BHAM! 
Turns out Chaitra is the serial killer. She shows the mark on her hand to him before he dies.
For the ritual she needed 13 pairs of eyes.
She says, I was doing my lord's duty but they coined it as serial killer.
She takes out the eyes, offers it to the deity. She says she needs 2 more.
She gauges his eyes out as he screams in pain. She says shut up and slashes his throat.
Ruthu lights up some candles and Chaitra begins chanting some matras.
The dead body gets up and stands with all the eyes covering the face.
The deity lets out a scream. Chitra kneels and says I have done my work, what should I do next.
The deity lifts her up as she smiles in enchantment, and sucks the life out of her and throws her body away.
Ruthu looks at this and runs away. She hides but the deity catches her.
The deity screams looking above.
Ruthu is hiding behind a tree. The deity jump scares and stands next to her. 
The deity says something in scary Latin and disappears.
Ruthu signs in relief. The deity jump scares with a wide sharp mouth and devours her. 

After the events, he felt like something entered him and some memories are lost.
He became hungry for blood. I wanted violence. Hurting made me feel good.
But, I did not want to hurt anyone anymore.
I researched and found out about this place - It was a temple many years ago.
I am searching for the temple to end the entity and free myself.
The girls are sleeping - They did not here any of it.

--- THE CULT SCARES ---
A central Baphomet kind of statue.
Members are in robe with mask/ wooden crown covering half face expect mouth.
A central ritual table with a sacrifice tied.

They clap and suddenly go silent.
They make a girl drink something and she gets possessed and dies.
The candles suddenly goes off and everyone disappears.




Comedy	- 6 boys meet to drink and go on a night out
Action	- Vajra is an army guy who goes on a mission to save kids
Slasher	- 2 Girl Serial killers Kill an ex-army Vajra
Romance	- Love and fight between a couple
Drama	- Student's loan and running away
Thrill	- Driver, Employee and CEO	
Mystery	- An employee is haunted by his dead friend via dead phone
Emotional - The Villager
Thrill	- Investigation of a serial killer







