[
	Kaveri - Karnataka - Hero 1 - Fire
	Kaveri - Tamil Nadu - Hero 2 - Wind
	Godavari - Andhra - Hero 3 - Water
	Narmada - Maharashtra - Hero 4 - Earth
	Pamba - Kerala - Hero 5 - Light
	Ganga - Holiest to meet the ashes of the dead (one of heroes goes there to take a dip to gain more power)

	Saraswathi - Heroin 1
	Sindu - Heroin 2
	Yamuna - Heroin 3
	Krishna - Heroin 4
]

In a world somewhere in the universe 5 young boys are playing.
Suddenly there is an attack.
Buildings collapse, fires everywhere, people turning into ashes.
The boys look up in fear and cover their heads as a huge boulder of fire and ash falls over them
The boulder stops mid air and the boys open their eyes.
They see a guru who suddenly appears, stopping the boulder with a huge mythical protective shield.
The guru lifts his head and looks at the boys as he holds the shield with his mudras.
He tells the boys they are blessed with a glorious purpose.
A boy asks what do we have?.
The guru closes his eyes and opens it.
With a blue mystical vibe coming out of his eyes. 
The guru says to defeat "The Ashes of the Gods".
He says "You must fall into holy rivers of a holy planet to unlock your potential"

The guru opens a portal.
The guru pushes the boys into the portal and closes it just before the attack reaches the portal.
The guru then takes out a mystical sword and gets ready for his battle. 
TITLE CARD.

The boys travel through the portal in pain.
In a remote village few kids are playing in a river.
One of the boys from the other universe falls from the sky into the river like a meteor.
The kids go and see what fell.
It is a boy who is unconscious.

The mother of one of the kids comes there.
Other kids run away in fear.
She scolds the boy for now coming home on time for lunch.
She looks at the fallen kid.
She sees a bullock cart going and calls it.

They reach a clinic.
The unconscious boy is taken to the doctor.
They ask the doctor to check the boy.
The doctor is a bad person who keeps demanding money.
The doctor says "If you cannot pay money you can definitely pay me with other methods".
The bullock cart man tells the doctor "I will give you the money".
The doctor spits tobacco and says "Put the boy inside".

The man puts the boy onto a bed.
The doctor asks everyone to stay out for a while.
The doctor does some tests.
He finds his heart beating rapidly.
The boy jerks awake like he got up from a bad dream.
Smoke emerges from the boy's body.
He looks around and shouts loudly like in pain.
His eyes glow bright and blasts the clinic off.
The woman, her kid and the man look at the clinic on fire.
To their shock the boy walks out unharmed.
The man runs and covers him with a jute sack.
The boy goes unconscious again.
The villainous doctor is burned to ashes.

During a war in another Lokha.
The ashes of the dead gods gave birth to a being.
He is born because of the envy, greed and pain of Gods.
He was called SHATAKARNA.
His goal is the ultimate truth.
"The gods have separated consciousness to feel joy, ecstasy, envy, greed, war and pain".
"But I will merge and unite every consciousness in every world into one, into me".
"I am the end of suffering. I am the end of pain. I am the end of consciousness".
So that he is the only being left in the entire Multi-Cosmos.

The 5 boys end up reaching our Earth.
Because this earth is the best place in the entire Multi-Cosmos.
The coincidences and the probability for this earth and the life on it to form is very very very extreme.
This is the planet formed in the universe by Mahavishnu's last breath.
This is the only universe with the holy rivers.
Hence this earth would be the last place Shatakarna would try to conquer.
That is why they boys were sent here.

Each boy grew up in different southern states of India.
Each boy gains different powers due to them coming here through the time space portal.

The boys are the gods who died in the cosmic war due to their envy and greed.
Shatakarna was born from their ashes.
Guru explains how time works with Vishnu, Shiva and Brahma.
There are multiverses created by Vishnu's breath.
Every universe has its own Gods. There is a cosmic fight in every one. And in every universe the Gods win.
But in your universe your greed and pride consumed you causing the end of you all.
And Sathakarni started slowly devouring every universe before it could go back to Vishnu.
He was born due to the Gods greed and now it is their responsibility to end what they have started.
They ask who the Guru is.
The guru says "I am a Gana born by the tears of Shiva".
Because at the end even Shatakarna must go back to Mahavishnu.
But Shiva must just watch the world's perishing and cannot intervene.

The Panchabootha's in this universe are now just energies.
The cosmic war ends and the gods win they as per shivapurana they are absorbed by Shiva.
Then they are turned released back in their forms of cosmic forces/ energies (They're turned to their Thattva).
[Holographic animation of Samudramanthana, war etc.]
Agni turns into Fire. Vayu turns to breathable air. Varuna turns to rain.
Pritvi turned into soil. Dyaus turned into sky.
At the end of the Kalpa they must cause the Pralaya that marks the end of the Kalpa.
Fire consumes Earth/ Soil. Water quenches Fire.
Air disperses water. Sky absorbs the Air.
Finally the world is inhaled back by Vishnu.


The climax fight happens in Hampi.
The 5 gods merge their powers. Merge their sins. Destroy the core of Shatakarni's existence.

