THE FRIDGE

Anjali RK - Victim (Dead body found in the fridge)
Vinay - Boyfriend
Gayathri - Neighbor (Old Single lady in 80s)
Manohar - Apartment Supervisor
Sristi - Best friend (Colleague)
Rudresh Kumar - Sub Inspector of station A
Ramana - Sub Inspector of station B

PART-1: THE OPENING
Mrs. Gayatri reports a foul smell coming from her neighbor Anjali's house.
The police arrive and find Anjali dead in her apartment.
Injured head, lying face first in front of an open refrigerator. 
The door is closed from inside and the apartment is on the 13th floor.
The CCTV shows no one entering or leaving the house from the day of death till the police arrive.
Post-mortem reports say that Anajli died 10 days back.
She had not paid her electricity dues which caused a power cut which made the fridge expel smell.
Police find reports of her anger issues and that she was an alcoholic who also had a case of DUI.
No reports of her family were found and due to the huge number of cases the inspector wanted to shut it ASAP.
Hence, the police closed the case as Anjali was blackout drunk and she put herself inside the fridge and died of suffocation.

PART-2: THE RE-OPENING
Mr. Rudresh Kumar, a sub inspector on holiday reopens the case because he feels like something is off.
In the photos the fridge's switch is turned off!
Mr. Ramanna, a sub inspector who handled the case tells him that the case is already closed.
Rudresh says he could not sleep due to a detail that he just found.
He takes matters into his own hands and re-opens the investigation un-officially.

PART-3: THE SUP'S POV
Rudresh takes out the call log and sees a number of calls from Manohar, the apartment sup.
He meets the sup and he tells he's been calling to ask about the rent but then one day she just died.
Rudresh asks if he ever saw anything unusual and he replies no but her neighbor hated her they always fought.
He points at a scar on his cheek.
Manohar says, that old woman was always troubling her, papa Anjali.
POV - 1 
	SOME SHOTS OF GAYATRI BEING RUDE FOR NO REASON
POV - 1
POV - 2
	He hears the Gayatri and Anjali shouting and fighting.
	He slowly walks up the stairs to see them fight.
	As they fight, Anjali throws a beer bottle which misses Gayatri and shatters.
	A small piece of glass cuts his forehead.
POV - 2
Rudresh asks, who else usually visits.
Manohar says, her friend and her (angry) boyfriend.
Rudresh asks Manohar to give him the CCTV footage.
Manohar hesitates and says he has to attend a function and he has already given it to the police.
Rudresh says no problem give it to me after you comeback tomorrow.
He sees a delivery guy handing out something to an old lady.
Manohar points and says, "She is Mrs. Gayatri, Anjali's neighbor".
-- After meeting with Gayatri he sees Manohar again.
Rudresh asks, why were you so angry on the boyfriend.
Manohar says, he is very rude sir. One day.
POV - 4
	Manohar (with a bandage) sees a fallen bike and tries to pick it up.
	Suddenly, Vinay runs down the stair, accuses him of making the bike to fall.
	Vinay punches Manohar on the face and rides away.
	Manohar gets up and tries to throw a stone at riding Vinay with great anger. But doesn't
	He sees Vinay pick up a woman.
POV - 4
Rudresh asks, did he see her face.
Manohar says I did not see her face, it was far but I did notice a dotted top.

PART-4: THE NEIGHBOR'S POV
Rudresh meets the neighbor, Mrs. Gayatri who lives alone.
She invites him inside, she offers him coffee.
She has worked as a nurse and is now retired. 
Some b=Rolls - A partial family photo appears from her bedroom.
Rudresh asks if she was close with the dead Anjali.
She says "Not much, she was s drug addict, but still papa Anjali she could have corrected herself rather than commit suicide".
Rudresh says, "It was not a suicide, it was a murder". Gayatri gets shocked and scared, "What?".
Rudresh says, "Yes! By the way, Manohar said you hated her and you always fought".
She says, "The Manohar! I do not give him money for tea coffee, so he hates my guts! Why should I? He gets salary no".
Rudresh laughs it off.
She says yes she hated her because she always used to make noise, there were fights and she never took out garbage.
Yes I hated her but I was always kind to her.
POV - 1
	SAME SHOTS OF GAYATRI BEING RUDE DUE TO ANJALI'S ACTION
POV - 1
Gayatri says, "Sometimes I loose my patience as well".
POV - 2
	Gayatri hears Anjali screaming and playing loud music.
	Gayatri walks to Anjali's house, knocks and asks her to keep the volume down.
	Anjali says she will not what will she do.
	Gayatri says, I will call the police. Music suddenly offs and they fight.
	Down - Manohar listens to Gayatri shout.
	He slowly walks up the stairs to see them fight.
	As they fight, Anjali throws a beer bottle which misses Gayatri and shatters.
	A small piece of glass cuts his forehead and runs away.
	She falls drunk and Gayatri helps goes in and helps her - She says "Sorry Amma!".
POV - 2
Gayatri says, "She is a good kid but bad practices".
Rudresh asks about anything unusual did you see any day.
Gayatri thinks for a while and says, "Yes! A few days before she died".
POV - 3
	Gayatri is watching a serial on TV.
	She hears screaming and shouting coming from Anjali's room.
	Gayatri mumbles, "She started again! Why do they even give home for bachelors".
	Suddenly, a thud. Gayatri gets alert. She hears door opening and smashing close.
	Gayatri peeps through the peephole and sees a guy (Vinay) rushing out.
POV - 3
Rudresh asks who she used to fight.
Gayatri says, "Her boyfriend! I am not sure! They always used to fight and make noise".
Rudresh asks if she can identify him by a photo. She says yes.
Rudresh call the station and asks constable to send a photo from the wall.
Gayatri opens her phone and Instagram and says this is the guy sir!
Rudresh asks you follow her? you are so close? Gayatri says yes sir it is account "Anju_Anjali".
She says, "I might be old but I still know new technology".
Rudresh takes her phone and opens Vinay's profile from the tagged info. He sees the account is private.
Rudresh thanks Gayatri and leaves.
-- After meeting with Gayatri he sees Manohar again and gets into his car.
Rudresh to himself, "Hmm, so he fought there was thud, he ran out, and escaped after hitting Manohar".

Rudresh comes back to the station.
Rudresh to constable, "So Vinay fought with Anjali and then there was a thud, he ran out, and escaped after hitting Manohar".
"Where can we find this Vinay". Get me Anjali's phone.
Rudresh opens Anjali's instagram and opens Vinay's account.
He sees a story posted a an hour ago that he is abroad.
He sees a photo that he posted with a girl with a caption of love.
He remembers Manohar's statement - "A red bike, Vinay and a girl with spotted dress".
Rudresh gets to know that she is Srishti, Anjali's best friend.
He clicks on the tag and opens her account - Anjali is following the account.
He sees her story posted a few mins back - From a restobar with its name in it.
Rudresh to himself, "Pangeo! Lets put a visit". 

PART-5: THE FRIEND'S POV
Rudresh is now in the restobar and shows the photo to the reception asking about the girl.
The host takes the phone and locates her.
Rudresh says, "I have some questions following up the death of Anjali".
Srishti says, "I will not answer anything! Come with a female officer if you need to talk to me".
Rudresh smiles and says, "If I come with a female constable, we will arrest you! Think about the embarrassment, media, your parents". 
Srishti aggress to talk.
Rudresh asks what she was doing on 19th. She says I was with my mother.
Rudresh shows her the photo posted on 19th. She says it was taken some other day.
Rudresh says, you were found standing outside her apartment. She says no not possible what is the proof.
The constable says, an eye witness. She says how can you believe someone just by words.
Rudresh says, by eye witness, we mean camera! You were recorded.
Rudresh says, just confess to the murder. Srishti breaks down and say I did not do anything please sir. 
Rudresh asks her to tell the truth.
POV - 3
	Vinay and Srishti are sitting in a resto. Vinay gets continuous calls.
	Srishti asks who it is. Vinay says it is your best friend Anjali.
	Srishti asks when are you going to breakup with her.
	Vinay says, I will not, just leave that psycho and she will forget.
	Srishti says but it is not fair. Vinay says I would rather kill her than talk to breakup with her.
	He gets a text message. Sees it gets angry. Asks for bill. Asks Srishti to come with him.
	They reach Anjali's apartment. He asks her to stand outside. He says, today everything ends.
	She sees Vinay and Anjali from the window. 
	They are fighting and suddenly, Vinay holds her face and hits her head to the wall.
	Srishti gets scared. Vinay runs out. Gayatri looks through the peephole.
	He comes down. Hits Manohar. Rides the bike. Picks up Srishti. Manohar sees the girl with spotted dress. Rides away
POV - 3
Constable says, bloddy murder is roaming around freely.
Srishti says, "Please sir do not tell him I told you all this, he might kill me too! Even he doesn't know I say everything".
Rudresh says, "Do not worry nothing will happen to you".
SOMEHOW LEAD TO VINAY	

PART-6: THE BOYFRIEND'S POV
	One day the boyfriend visits her on a bike completely drunk and shouting.
	He drops his bike without stand and runs on the stairs.
	After a while he comes back down.
	


PART-7: THE HINT-1 POV

PART-8: THE HINT-2 POV

PART-9: THE HINT-3 POV

PART-10: THE CLIMAX


POV INCIDENTS - (M, G, V, S)
1. Gayatri is rude/ not rude		- (M, G)
2. Anjali throws bottle at Gayatri 	- (M, G)
3. Vinay fights Anjali			- (G)
4. Fallen bike and Vinay hits Manohar	- (M)

5. Gayatri gets a smell			- (G)

Anjali was 3 months pregnant and wanted Arjun to marry her.
Arjun did not even sleep with her for more than 5 months.
God knows who she slept with, and taking drugs despite being pregnant.

CRONOLOGY -
Vinay started hating Anjali due to her drug abuse and short temper.
Anjali lost her job.
Vinay now is a secret relationship with Srishti, Anjali's friend.
Vinay and Srishti are in a resto bar. Vinay is drunk and gets constant calls from Anjali.
Vinay tells Srishti that he is ready to kill Anjali rather than tell break up with them.
Vinay picks up the call and Anjali screams like a psycho.
Vinay is drunk he cuts the call, asks for bill, and drives away with Srishti to Anjali's house.
Vinay asks Srishti to stay outside and he will end it with her once and for all.
Drunk Vinay comes in his bike to Anjali's house.
Vinay drops his bike and runs to Anjali's apartment.
Vinay and Anjali fight very loudly.
Vinay throws Anjali causing her to hit her head.
Srishti sees this from outside and gets shocked.
We think this was a fatal blow but she is alright.
Gayatri watching serial, gets disturbed by the noise.
Vinay runs out of Anjali's apartment.
Gayatri sees him Vinay through her peep hole.
Manohar sees the fallen bike and goes to lift it.
Vinay sees this, runs and punches Manohar on the face.
Manohar curses him and goes back to his apartment.
Anjali gets drunk and screams.
Gayatri knocks and says she is disturbing her serial time.
Anjali screams at Gayatri.
Manohar hears the screams and goes up the stairs.
Anjali is very drunk and throws beer bottles at Gayathri.
A bottle piece scrapes Manohar's forehead.
Anjali goes back inside and drinks a lot and cries.
Vinay goes to ATM collects cash and buys drugs.
Gayatri gets angry again and knocks on Anjali's door.
Anjali opens the door with great anger.
Gayatri offers her a bottle of scotch in a friendly manner.
Anjali drinks it and dies because it was poisoned.
Gayatri kills because she is immoral.
Gayatri calls her son, Ramana the SI.
Ramana jumps from Gayatri's balcony to Anjali's balcony.
He injects a drug into her arums which make it red.
He places her body next to the fridge and opens the door.
Gayatri says the CCTV might captured me going into her house.
Ramana puts cash under the Manohar's door with a letter asking to delete the video.
Manohar thinks it is from Vinay, gets scared and goes up.
Ramana knocks on the door of Anjali, no response, uses master key to go inside.
He sees her body gets scared and runs away.
He deletes the video and loops it to create a new video when police asks.
OR A masked man blackmails him to delete the video.
Gayatri reports the smell.
Police find the body - Injection mark, fallen position, letter
Police asks for CCTV footage.
Manohar loops the deleted video and gives it to the police.
Police close case as suicide.




