SEE-SAW (Short)
	Opens with a girl and a boy, playing on a seesaw.
	The boy gets bullied, the girl helps him. 
	The girl hits against a tree, the boy runs to her.
	The girl finds a puppy, the boy gets biscuits.
	The girl losses a kerchief, the boy risks to get it.
	They grow together. So does their love.  
	A bike hits the boy, the girl gives the blood.
	They get married.
	They go somewhere, the girl boys something for 10 she gives 100 shopee says she gave 10, boy fights.
	They'll have a baby, she says "I wish i could see her. Did you see her?". The boy says "I saw!"
	The baby grows. She runs away with a guy saying she had enough of her parents.
	The girl falls down the stairs. 	
	She is in the hospital. She lost her memories.
	She is scared of the guy now.
	He sends her to an old age house.
	Arc to show he aged. Tears rolling.
	A call from the old age house. But, he cannot hear it. 
	The nurse allocated to him is stealing the house with her partner. (item falling but he can't hear)
	He sees the missed calls the next morning.
	Calls back the old age house. They say that she had remembered him and was asking for him.
	He goes there the next day.
	They inform that she died.
	But
	
	Every now and then, the girl asks "Did you see?". The boy replies "I SAW".



Time travel game story (Short)



Police Murder Dad (Ganesh - Nag - Dananjaya)
	A poor budding actor (Ganesh) gets caught by a police (Danajaya).
	Police offers him to leave if he kills a senior officer (Nag).
	Guy agrees because police offers money also. Says, "Film al hero est janana saisalla, obbun saisad en dodudha"
	Guy kills the officer.
	Guy burries the officer.
	Guy regrets it.
	Guy faces stress.
	Police dosen't give him full money.
	Guy is haunted by the officers ghost.
	Ghost says "Nang inna madve ne agirlila, yaako nanna saisde"
	Turns out the ghost thing was a dream.
	Police comes to the guys house to arrest him for the murder of the senior officer.
	Some court scenes.
	Police makes the guy take him to the location where he burrieed the body.
	Police dig up the cascate.
	Inside the cascate there is no body.
 	Just a plank that says "Nang inna madve agila naan ist bega saialla"
	And a walkie talkie (Scares)
	Officer via talkie says "Nim appunne saisthyeno badava rascal"


A mute love
	A wildlife photographer finds a girl in the forest
	She cannot speak
	She acts like she is retarded
	Hero brings her back
	He tries to get rid of her but he cannot
	She falls in love with him but she does not know it
	The hero dies and she cries
	She finds someone else
	She dies


Rich guy becomes poor
	Our hero is smoking in a local shop wearing torn out clothes as if he has lost everything he had
	Hero narrates how good his life was but now it is all gone
	Hero throws the cigg down and stamps it
	The stamp transitions to our hero wearing expensive shoes
	It is revealed that he is a rich ceo of a company standing on top of his building
	He sees a girl and gets depressed because she ignores him	
	He looses everything with some unexcepted turn of events (This is the midpoint - Back to the opening scene)
	Then he gets a Deux ex Machina that saves him and gets him back on his feet
	He meets a girl that was madly in love with him


The Revenge
	Hero is a nomad who lost his family
	A women who is fighter gets caught in a fight with a gang
	Hero goes to help the women
	Hero sees a tattoo on the arms of attackers
	It is the people who killed his family
	There is a fight and everyone expect one is killed
	The boss enters the scene after hero and women ecapes
	Kills the remaining one too
	Scene is seen in cctv by the boss and the boss recognises him
	A police officer (women) also recognises him hero had killed 120 people
	The hero destorys his friends face after being betrayed
	A guy with his face completely covered with bandages is lying in the hospital
	The guys is revelead to be heros friend who betrayed him
	The guy killed heros family by joining the boss
	Hero and women are in prison
	Hero warns the police that bad people are coming and police will die
	Asks them to let them go
	Boss is a superstisious pilgrim
	He will do anything divine to protect his father and to get his wife shanthi
	He lost his mother when he was young
	2 men get caught on fire hero shoots them on the head to save them from pain
	Hero meets an old friend for guns
	Hero and women come across an orphan girl
	The friend has a grudge on hero
	Hero signs and 2 snipers point at the 
	The friend agrees to give him guns in exchange for the sniper
	Friend offers hero a drink but hero thinks it is poison
	Hero leaves. Friend picks up the drink and drinks
	Friend then asks his gang if it was poisoned
	Snipers were 2 lazers used by a girl and the women
	Turns out the girl is heros daughter
	Saloon fight
	Gym fight
	Hero teaches girl a technich he and his friend found
	In a call ask "Where are you, are you at home" first that is the sign of emergency
	Hero kills innocent by mistake while taking vengence
	Boss escapes
	Cricket match fight in ground
	Hero gets arrested
	Kills a cop and steals a uniform to escape
	Construction work sound to BGM for a monatge
	Someone wants something hero says it is inside something then locks it
	Hero gets into lift villans have gun against the door
	Hero is not inside
	They end up shooting someone from their team
	Heros friend jumps of a building in car like a hero but regrets it
	Heros friend rides a bike with an IV on the bike
	Somebody with dimentia has some information
	Villan's man kills a dog out of 2 dogs
	The other dog kills that guy
	Villan thinks hero is scared of dogs
	But dogs have a natural affinity to hero
	Hero acts like he is dead
	Hero's friend to hero's rescue
	Hero and Heroin disguise as guests into a rich party to steal
	Fights with bodygaurds
	Slihoutte fight
	They do not find anything
	Fights on top of cars in traffic jammed road
	Hero fights bad police in the station
	A fight in hospital
	Villan pretends to shoot his close man to make a statement
	Hero dislocates his shoulder when fighting it relocates and hero charges	
	Hero pretends he lost memory after to heroin after waking up forom injury
	A pre villan barks a big dialogue and hero just shoots him on the head
	Hero joins the villan to kill a bigger villan
	Hero fights a creepy uncle for heroin says didn't do it cause you're my gf
	Include a convo in the bench in a park - something important get disclosed
	A villian wakes up from the dead
	A sword fight in rain
	The main villain is a rich women she'll kill herself falling from a building
	The rich women found a cure for her cancer now she wants the source to stay forever alive
	A dead friends come to the rescue
	Pupils dialate
	Hero walks with a bullet wound and blood dripping when he meets the lady villain
	The main police works for the villian women
	Body is found in a hotels freezer room
	Surprise cameo during a fight
	Hero and heroine are worried in heroines home
	They hear an intruder they point the gun but it's her daughter
	Fight in elevator
	Car chase scene like winter soldier mov
	Escape from a bike scene
	Fight in a hospital with crazy patients (scary)
	A dead friend comes back as a villan
	A fight scene in the farms	
	Villans hear voice of heroin and follows it
	The voice is playing from a recorder inside a haystack
	The villan hits his hands to a wall his hands breaks face reaction in small-mo
	An old guy shoots the villian on the head
	The old guy is revealed to be heros dad who he thought was dead
	His dad is ex-army and he had left his mother

	Four undercover agents A chef, --, --, --
	Hero has to undertake a new recruit (Heroin) amongst the ongoing investigation and he is fed up of it	
	But he takes her in neverhteless	
	In chef scene the villian calls him out (meme) style and says the food is good
	Heroin faces a head in RAW who seems to be the leak because only hero, heroin and head had that info	
	Heroins phone is tapped and she speaks to him and says "I will kill you Mr. Head"
	Turns out the heroin (a new recruit) is the villan who was sharing inside info
	Chefs fight with 2 guys in the restroom

	
	







